Temper gets you into trouble. Pride keeps you there.
We are drowning in information and starved for knowledge.
You don't have to burn books to destroy a culture. Just get people to stop reading them.
If you can't convince them, confuse them.
"I put my trust in Allah." The Prophet then said: "Tie your camel first, then put your trust in Allah"
In those days spirits were brave, the stakes were high, men were real men, women were real women and small furry creatures from Alpha Centauri were real small furry creatures from Alpha Centauri.
Management by objectives works if you first think through your objectives. Ninety percent of the time you haven't.
it's easy to get lost in thought if it's not familiar territory to you.
Within the problem lies the solution
If a free society cannot help the many who are poor, it cannot save the few who are rich.
In a time of drastic change it is the learners who inherit the future. The learned usually find themselves equipped to live in a world that no longer exists.
When one door closes another door opens; but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door, that we do not see the ones which open for us.
I am for those means which will give the greatest good to the greatest number.
We are not human beings on a spiritual journey. We are spiritual beings on a human journey.
A wise man's question contains half the answer.
Immortality lies not in the things you leave behind, but in the people your life has touched.
Data is not information, Information is not knowledge, Knowledge is not understanding, Understanding is not wisdom.
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes.
Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.
Common sense is not so common.
The power of man has grown in every sphere, except over himself.
Remember, people will judge you by your actions, not your intentions. You may have a heart of gold -- but so does a hard-boiled egg.
In youth we learn; in age we understand.
The first mistake in public business is the going into it.
I can't complain, but sometimes I still do.
An ignorant person is one who doesn't know what you have just found out.
Victory belongs to the most persevering.
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
History does not record anywhere at any time a religion that has any rational basis. Religion is a crutch for people not strong enough to stand up to the unknown without help. But, like dandruff, most people do have a religion and spend time and money on it and seem to derive considerable pleasure from fiddling with it.
This is my simple religion. There is no need for temples; no need for complicated philosophy. Our own brain, our own heart is our temple; the philosophy is kindness.
Justice cannot be for one side alone, but must be for both.
Age is only a number, a cipher for the records. A man can't retire his experience. He must use it. Experience achieves more with less energy and time.
Tell me your friends, and I'll tell you who you are.
The problems that exist in the world today cannot be solved by the level of thinking that created them.
The louder he talked of his honor, the faster we counted our spoons.
I don't like that man. I must get to know him better.
Life is a tragedy when seen in close-up, but a comedy in long-shot
A professional is a person who can do his best at a time when he doesn't particularly feel like it.
Be not afraid of going slowly; be only afraid of standing still.
I have learned silence from the talkative, toleration from the intolerant, and kindness from the unkind; yet strange, I am ungrateful to these teachers.
Nobody knows the age of the human race, but everybody agrees that it is old enough to know better.
Men for the sake of getting a living forget to live.
The whole world steps aside for the man who knows where he is going.
Skill and confidence are an unconquered army.
Just because something is tradition doesn't make it right.
Don't reinvent the wheel, just realign it.
Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all the others.
It is hard enough to remember my opinions, without also remembering my reasons for them!
Tradition is what you resort to when you don't have the time or the money to do it right.
He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever.
By all means, let's not confuse ourselves with the facts!
Change is good, but dollars are better.
I start with the premise that the function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers.
Silent gratitude isn't much use to anyone.
Don't listen to friends when the Friend inside you says 'Do this.'
The thought manifests as the word; The word manifests as the deed; The deed develops into habit; And habit hardens into character. So watch the thought and its ways with care, And let it spring from love; Born out of concern for all beings.
Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
Nothing in life is static; it either gets better, or it gets worse.
Money and success don't change people; they merely amplify what is already there.
I find the great thing in this world is not so much where we stand, as in what direction we are moving -- we must sail sometimes with the wind and sometimes against it -- but we must sail, and not drift, nor lie at anchor.
We can never tell what is in store for us.
One of the hardest things in this world is to admit you are wrong. And nothing is more helpful in resolving a situation than its frank admission.
If we fight a war and win it with H-bombs, what history will remember is not the ideals we were fighting for but the methods we used to accomplish them. These methods will be compared to the warfare of Genghis Khan who ruthlessly killed every last inhabitant of Persia.
Ability is of little account without opportunity.
I hate mankind, for I consider myself one of the best of them, and I know how bad I am.
The moment we want to believe something, we suddenly see all the arguments for it, and become blind to the arguments against it.
The difficulty is not so great to die for a friend, as to find a friend worth dying for.
You can delegate authority, but not responsibility.
Vacation is what you take when you can't take what you've been taking any longer.
These days, the wages of sin depend on what kind of deal you make with the devil.
For it is mutual trust, even more than mutual interest that holds human associations together. Our friends seldom profit us but they make us feel safe... Marriage is a scheme to accomplish exactly that same end.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
Weather is a great bluffer. I guess the same is true of our human society -- things can look dark, then a break shows in the clouds, and all is changed.
People are more easily led than driven.
An artist never really finishes his work; he merely abandons it.
Outside show is a poor substitute for inner worth.
Genius is only a greater aptitude for patience.
While one should always study the method of a great artist, one should never imitate his manner. The manner of an artist is essentially individual, the method of an artist is absolutely universal. The first is personality, which no one should copy; the second is perfection, which all should aim at.
Make no little plans; they have no magic to stir men's blood.... Make big plans... aim high in hope and work.
Whatever you are, be a good one.
Few people think more than two or three times a year. I have made an international reputation for myself by thinking once or twice a week.
It is the quality of our work which will please God and not the quantity.
We are rich only through what we give, and poor only through what we refuse.
The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be.
Man is a gregarious creature, more so in mind than in body. He may like to go alone for a walk but he hates to stand alone in his opinion.
The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits
Do not hover always on the surface of things, nor take up suddenly, with mere appearances; but penetrate into the depth of matters, as far as your time and circumstances allow, especially in those things which relate to your profession.
There is a time for departure even when there's no certain place to go.
Leadership is practiced not so much in words as in attitude and in actions.
Understanding human needs is half the job of meeting them.
It's easy to sit there and say you'd like to have more money. And I guess that's what I like about it. It's easy. Just sitting there, rocking back and forth, wanting that money.
Not only are you what you think you are, more so; what you think, you are.
Men and nations behave wisely once they have exhausted all the other alternatives.
His ignorance is encyclopedic
Israel is not an aviary.
When I was first here, we had the advantages of the underdog. Now we have the disadvantages of the overdog.
Time and again these governments have rejected proposals today-and longed for them tomorrow.
I think that this is the first war in history that on the morrow the victors sued for peace and the vanquished called for unconditional surrender.
Lest Arab governments be tempted out of sheer routine to rush into impulsive rejection, let me suggest that tragedy is not what men suffer but what they miss.
The Jews are the living embodiment of the minority, the constant reminder of what duties societies owe their minorities, whoever they might be.
A consensus means that everyone agrees to say collectively what no one believes individually.
He who lives with his memories becomes old. He who lives with plans for the future remains young.
Be everywhere, do everything, and never fail to astonish the customer.
Education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance.
To be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have.
If it weren't for the last minute, nothing would get done.
Recompense injury with justice, and recompense kindness with kindness.
Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again.
A man will fight harder for his interests than for his rights.
It is impossible to design a system so perfect that no one needs to be good.
He who has never failed somewhere... that man can not be great.
No matter how much the cats fight, there always seem to be plenty of kittens.
I like to see a man proud of the place in which he lives. I like to see a man live so that his place will be proud of him.
If a kid asks where rain comes from, I think a cute thing to tell him is "God is crying." And if he asks why God is crying, another cute thing to tell him is "Probably because of something you did."
You do not destroy an idea by killing people; you replace it with a better one.
I am always ready to learn, although I do not always like being taught.
Everybody is ignorant, only on different subjects.
Ever notice that what the hell is always the right decision?
Laws do not persuade just because they threaten.
If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
To solve the problems of today, we must focus on tomorrow.
A leader is someone who steps back from the entire system and tries to build a more collaborative, more innovative system that will work over the long term.
I am only one; but still I am one. I cannot do everything, but still I can do something.
In the attitude of silence the soul finds the path in an clearer light, and what is elusive and deceptive resolves itself into crystal clearness. Our life is a long and arduous quest after Truth.
The price of freedom is eternal vigilance.
The greater the difficulty, the more the glory in surmounting it.
The legacy of Democrats and Republicans approaches: Libertarianism by bankruptcy.
Victory is a political fiction.
Delay is preferable to error.
Home is an invention on which no one has yet improved.
The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in the mind at the same time, and still retain the ability to function.
Journalists cover words and delude themselves into thinking they have committed journalism.
Upper classes are a nation's past; the middle class is its future.
Some see things as they are and ask 'Why?'. I dream things that never were and ask, 'Why not?'
The most likely way for the world to be destroyed, most experts agree, is by accident. That's where we come in; we're computer professionals. We cause accidents.
It is the person who is blind to what goes on around him that is most surprised when the same things happen to him.
Any intelligent fool can make things bigger, more complex, and more violent. It takes a touch of genius--and a lot of courage--to move in the opposite direction.
The absence of alternatives clears the mind marvelously.
Freedom is just Chaos, with better lighting.
True Love is only for those strong enough to endure it.
Without trust, words become the hollow sound of a wooden gong. With trust, words become life itself.
That's the difference between me and the rest of the world! Happiness isn't good enough for me! I demand euphoria!
Blessed is the man who, having nothing to say, abstains from giving us worthy evidence of the fact.
You know you're getting old when it takes to much effort to procrastinate.
Crude classifications and false generalizations are the curse of organized life.
Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee.
Do what's right. Do it right. Do it right now.
If you cannot find peace within yourself, you will never find it anywhere else.
The will to do, the soul to dare.
One of the most basic principles for making and keeping peace within and between nations... is that in political, military, moral, and spiritual confrontations, there should be an honest attempt at the reconciliation of differences before resorting to combat.
Reality doesn't bite, rather our perception of reality bites.
My grandfather once told me that there are two kinds of people: those who work and those who take the credit. He told me to try to be in the first group; there was less competition there.
How can you govern a country which has 246 varieties of cheese?
We feel free when we escape -- even if it be but from the frying pan to the fire.
Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
What does not destroy me, makes me strong.
Before you put on a frown, make absolutely sure there are no smiles available.
"Real stupidity beats artificial intelligence every time"
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from a rigged demo.
I never think of the future. It comes soon enough.
It's better to be quotable than to be honest.
Women prefer men who have something tender about them -- especially the legal kind.
Try not. Do or do not.
Live to learn... forget... and learn again.
Security is an illusion. Life is either a daring adventure or it is nothing at all.
The superior man, when resting in safety, does not forget that danger may come. When in a state of security he does not forget the possibility of ruin. When all is orderly, he does not forget that disorder may come. Thus his person is not endangered, and his States and all their clans are preserved.
Kiss the girl, get the key... they never taught us *that* in the Obsidian Order
Lying is a skill like any other and if you want to maintain a level of excellence you have to practice constantly.
The essence of knowledge is, having it, to apply it; not having it, to confess your ignorance.
Whenever I'm caught between two evils, I take the one I've never tried.
Always watch where you are going. Otherwise, you may step on a piece of the Forest that was left out by mistake.
As we know, There are known knowns. There are things we know we know. We also know there are known unknowns. That is to say we know there are some things we do not know. But there are also unknown unknowns, the ones we don't know we don't know.
Since pacifists have more freedom of action in countries where traces of democracy remain, pacifism can act more effectively against democracy than for it. Objectively, the pacifist is pro-Nazi.
"you can fool all the people some of the time and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time."
if i were two-faced, would I be wearing this one?"
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt.
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left behind by those who hustle.
Let every nation know, whether it wishes us well or ill, that we shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe to assure the survival and the success of liberty.
Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names.
The best way to have a good idea is to have a lot of ideas.
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence -- and then success is sure.
The first casualty when war comes is truth.
A lie would have no sense unless the truth were felt as dangerous.
Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America. If I'm not there, I go to work.
To be ignorant of what happened before you were born is to be ever a child. For what is man's lifetime unless the memory of past events is woven with those of earlier times?
Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint on it you can.
Never part without loving words to think of during your absence. It may be that you will not meet again in life.
Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs.
It is unwise to be too sure of one's own wisdom. It is healthy to be reminded that the strongest might weaken and the wisest might err.
Not life, but good life, is to be chiefly valued.
To obtain a man's opinion of you, make him mad.
If one does not understand a person, one tends to regard him as a fool.
A doctor can bury his mistakes but an architect can only advise his client to plant vines.
Isn't it interesting that the same people who laugh at science fiction listen to weather forecasts and economists?
There is hardly anyone whose sexual life, if it were broadcast, would not fill the world at large with surprise and horror.
The key to being a good manager is keeping the people who hate me away from those who are still undecided.
Life is a tale told by an idiot -- full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.
If you have a vision, do something with it.
Know ye not why We created you all from the same dust? That no one should exalt himself over the other.
If you want to succeed, you'd better look as if you mean business.
A bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and ask for it back when it begins to rain.
Fortune favors the bold.
We shall show mercy, but we shall not ask for it.
You can learn a lot from people who view the world differently than you do.
When late morning rolls around and you're feeling a bit out of sorts, don't worry; you're probably just a little eleven o'clockish.
Mankind is the animal that makes tools. In each generation, only a few people get a chance to create new tools. Very, very few get to contribute to making a tool that changes the lives of first hundreds, then thousands, then tens of thousands, and someday millions of people.
Every program in development at MIT expands until it can read mail.
A lot of people I know believe in positive thinking, and so do I. I believe everything positively stinks.
A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it.
An idea is not responsible for the people who believe in it.
Arrakis teaches the attitude of the knife - chopping off what's incomplete and saying: "Now it's complete because it's ended here."
At the end of your life there'll be a good rest, and no further activities are scheduled.
Before you ask more questions, think about whether you really want to know the answers.
Brahma said: Well, after hearing ten thousand explanations, a fool is no wiser.  But an intelligent man needs only two thousand five hundred.
Catharsis is something I associate with pornography and crossword puzzles.
Circumstances rule men; men do not rule circumstances.
Coincidences are spiritual puns.
Death is life's way of telling you you've been fired.
Destiny is a good thing to accept when it's going your way. When it isn't, don't call it destiny; call it injustice, treachery, or simple bad luck.
Disease can be cured; fate is incurable.
Do not take life too seriously; you will never get out of it alive.
Great acts are made up of small deeds.
He that composes himself is wiser than he that composes a book.
He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened.
He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough.
He who knows, does not speak.  He who speaks, does not know.
Here is a test to find whether your mission on earth is finished: if you're alive, it isn't.
I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today.
I do not seek the ignorant; the ignorant seek me -- I will instruct them. I ask nothing but sincerity.  If they come out of habit, they become tiresome.
I gained nothing at all from Supreme Enlightenment, and for that very reason it is called Supreme Enlightenment.
In order to discover who you are, first learn who everybody else is; you're what's left.
In the next world, you're on your own.
Kindness is the beginning of cruelty.
Murphy was an optimist.
Murphy's Law is recursive.  Washing your car to make it rain doesn't work.
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.
Ninety percent of everything is crap.
No matter where I go, the place is always called "here".
Remember, Grasshopper, falling down 1000 stairs begins by tripping over the first one.
Rule of Life #1 -- Never get separated from your luggage.
To lead people, you must follow behind.
Whatever you do will be insignificant, but it is very important that you do it.
Wisdom is knowing what to do with what you know.
With listening comes wisdom, with speaking repentance.
You can get *anywhere* in ten minutes if you drive fast enough.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
A log may float in a river, but that does not make it a crocodile.
It isn't the mountains ahead that wear you out, it's the grain of sand in your shoe
Moderation is a virtue only in those who are thought to have an alternative.
Many forms of Government have been tried, and will be tried in this world of sin and woe. No one pretends that democracy is perfect or all-wise. Indeed, it has been said that democracy is the worst form of government except all those other forms that have been tried from time to time.
If money is your hope for independence you will never have it.
The only real security that a man will have in this world is a reserve of knowledge, experience, and ability.
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do.
A wise man can see more from the bottom of a well than a fool can from a mountain top.
It is only the wisest and the stupidest that cannot change.
To save your world you asked this man to die; Would this man, could he see you now, ask why?
Have no friends not equal to yourself.
There are three things which the superior man guards against. In youth...lust. When he is strong...quarrelsomeness. When he is old...covetousness.
I disapprove of what you say, but will defend to the death your right to say it.
Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities.
If I have been able to see further, it was only because I stood on the shoulders of giants.
I do not feel obliged to believe that the same god who has endowed us with sense, reason and intellect has intended us to forgo their use.
Choose your friends carefully. Your enemies will choose you.
A friend you have to buy; enemies you get for nothing.
A good friend is often better than a brother.
A little fire burns up a great deal of corn.
A man dies when he stops working.
A man too good for the world is no good for his wife.
A penny is a lot of money, if you have not got a penny.
Against stupidity; God Himself is helpless
Do not judge your fellow man until you have stood in his place.
Don't approach a goat from the front, a horse from the back, or a fool from any side.
Don't ask questions of fairy tales.
He that eats till he is sick must fast till he is well.
If your friend becomes your enemy, he will be your enemy for life.
One God and so many enemies.
One has fear in front of a goat, in back of a mule, and on every side of a fool.
Programmers don't sleep - they just park their heads
Some people believe in windows They also believe that the earth is flat.
Stupid people always think they are right. Wise people listen to advice.
You can lead a man to politics, but you can't make him think
Hidden talent counts for nothing
Don't hate; it is too big a burden to bear.
I have a dream, that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character. I have a dream today!
In the End, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends
And when a man injures and oppresses you and deals unjustly with you, you should deal kindly with him and forgive him. This you will strike at the root of hatred and enmity and he who is your enemy will become your friend.
He deserves Paradise who makes his companions laugh.
If you don't know where you are going, any road will take you there.
Prayer carries us half way to God, fasting brings us to the door of His palace, and alms-giving procures us admission.
Wealth and children are the adornment of life.
Beyond a critical point within a finite space, freedom diminishes as numbers increase. ...The human question is not how many can possibly survive within the system, but what kind of existence is possible for those who do survive.
If you think of yourselves as helpless and ineffectual, it is certain that you will create a despotic government to be your master. The wise despot, therefore, maintains among his subjects a popular sense that they are helpless and ineffectual. ,
Adults are obsolete children.
I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, it's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope.
Look at me! Look at me! Look at me now! It's fun to have fun, but you have to know how!
Today is your day! Your mountain is waiting. So... get on your way
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It's not ,
What I said never changed anyone. What they understood did.
Only Robinson Crusoe had everything done by Friday.
War kills men, and men deplore the loss; but war also crushes bad principles and tyrants, and so saves societies.
Truth, like gold, is to be obtained not by its growth, but by washing away from it all that is not gold.
It's always useful to know where a friend-and-relation is, whether you want him or whether you don't.
Art can't hurt you.
When buying and selling are controlled by legislation, the first things to be bought and sold are legislators.
Piety requires us to honor truth above our friends.
It's life, Jim... but not as we know it.
A whole is that which has beginning, middle and end.
Vulcans never bluff.
Without facts, the decision cannot be made logically. You must rely on your human intuition.
Physical laws simply cannot be ignored. Existence cannot be without them.
Thought is the wind, knowledge the sail, and mankind the vessel.
Every man is the architect of his own fortune.
You can discover what your enemy fears most by observing the means he uses to frighten you.
Government is not reason, it is not eloquence, it is force; like fire, a troublesome servant and a fearful master. Never for a moment should it be left to irresponsible action.
The only time you don't fail is the last time you try anything -- and it works.
If you don't find it in the index, look very carefully through the entire catalogue.
Support the strong, give courage to the timid, remind the indifferent, and warn the opposed.
A little Consideration, a little Thought for Others, makes all the difference.
A good idea will keep you awake during the morning, but a great idea will keep you awake during the night.
Subdue your appetites, my dears, and you've conquered human nature.
Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in.
Human kind cannot bear much reality.
You can't stay in your corner of the Forest waiting for others to come to you. You have to go to them sometimes.
Out of life's school of war: What does not destroy me, makes me stronger.
There is no shame in not knowing; the shame lies in not finding out.
Egotist: A person more interested in himself than in me
"The problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so sure of themselves while wiser people are so full of doubt."
"All new technology is rejected and then accepted."
"Look at us. When life has become futile, meaningless, unindurable; it must be allowed to end. Can't you see captain, for us the disease is immortality."
"I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones."
"The philosophy of the hunter is that you take only what you need, and you share the rest."
"To surrender to ignorance and call it God has always been premature, and it remains premature today."
"The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources."
"If the Truth is dynamic; how will it ever be found?"
"You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try."
"Liberty means responsibility. That is why most men dread it."
The concept of progress acts as a protective mechanism to shield us from the terrors of the future.
"There is no sin except stupidity."
"The more corrupt the state, the more numerous the laws."
"Your theory is crazy, but it's not crazy enough to be true."
When two elephants fight it is the grass that suffers.
Until lions have their historians, tales of the hunt shall always glorify the hunter.
If the enemy within cannot kill us, then the enemy without can do us no harm
The enemy of my enemy is my friend.
Every cripple has his own way of walking.
If you want happiness for a lifetime - help the next generation.
...a thousand paths and an infinity of dreams. Hopeful, we are halfway to where we want to go hopeless, we are lost forever.
That the birds of worry and care fly above your head, this you cannot change, but that they build nests in your hair,this you can prevent.
If you stand in one place long enough, the world will come to you.
Only after the last tree has been cut down; Only after the last fish has been caught; Only after the last river has been poisoned; Only then will you realize that money cannot be eaten.
We never know the worth of water till the well is dry.
When spiders unite, they can tie down a lion.
The frog does not drink up the pond in which it lives
You have only 2 things to worry about, either you are sick or you are healthy, if you are healthy, you have nothing to worry about, but if you are sick you have 2 things to worry about, you will get well, or you will die, if you get well, you have nothing to worry about, but if you die, you will have 2 things to worry about, you will go up,or you will go down, if you go up, there is nothing to worry about, but if you go down, you will be so busy shaking hands with old friends you won't have time to worry!
An Irishman is never drunk as long as he can hold onto a blade of grass and not fall off the earth.
Dance as if no one's watching, sing as if no one's listening, and live everyday as if it were your last.
At the end of the game, The king and the pawn go back in the same box.
Not everything which is bad comes to hurt us.
If you stand up like a nail you will get hammered down.
the reverse side also has a reverse side
Vision without action is daydream. Action without vision is nightmare.
Fear is only as deep as the mind allows
If God lived on earth, people would break his windows.
As long as you have nothing to shoot for, you will always have plenty of ammunition.
Turn your face to the sun and the shadows fall behind you
The generous and bold have the best lives.
It is better to live one day as a lion, than a thousand days as a lamb.
The church is close, but the road is icey. The bar is far, but I will walk carefully.
Water that does not move, is always shallow...
They talk of my drinking but never my thirst
Be humble for you are made of earth. Be noble for you are made of stars.
I don't want the cheese, I just want out of the trap.
Whoever gossips to you will gossip about you.
Shared joy is a double joy; shared sorrow is half a sorrow.
Fear less, hope more; Whine less, breathe more; Talk less, say more; Hate less, love more; And all good things are yours.
Faith is to believe in things that we do not see, and the reward of this faith is to see in what we believe.
Tell me who's your friend and I'll tell you who you are.
Free speech is the right to shout 'theater' in a crowded fire
It is not economical to go to bed early to save the candles if the result is twins.
First I saw the mountains in the painting; then I saw the painting in the mountains.
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.
If it keeps you awake, its art; if it puts you to sleep, its a drug.
There are two kinds of people _ those who run and those who should!
the same people wrote the bible that thought the world was flat
Let's Ban Humans. They All Suck Anyway.
If nothing ever changed, there'd be no butterflies.
Trust but verify.
When the Czar has a cold all Russia coughs.
Don't buy the house, buy the neighborhood.
A half-truth is a whole lie
Among those who stand, do not sit; among those who sit, do not stand. Among those who laugh, do not weep; among those who weep, do not laugh
Anyone who teases you loves you
Ask about your neighbors, then buy the house
Be sure to send a lazy man for the angel of death
Do not ask questions of fairy tales
Do not make yourself so big, you are not so small
Do not meet troubles half-way
Don't be too sweet lest you be eaten up; don't be too bitter lest you be spewed out
Don't look a gift horse in the mouth
Don't make a mountain out of a molehill
Don't open a shop unless you know how to smile
God could not be everywhere and therefore he made mothers
He who puts up with insult invites injury
If the rich could hire someone else to die for them, the poor would make a wonderful living
If you can't go over, you must go under
In a restaurant choose a table near a waiter
Never trust people who tell you all their troubles but keep from you all their joys
Prepare your proof before you argue
Pride is the mask of one's own faults
Pride joined with many virtues chokes them all
Pride that dined with vanity supped with poverty
"Rejoice not at thine enemy's fall"--but don't rush to pick his up, either
The innkeeper loves a drunkard, but not for a son-in-law
The only truly dead are those who have been forgotten
What you don't see with your eyes, don't invent with your mouth
What you give for the cause of charity in health is gold; what you give in sickness is silver; what you give after death is lead
When two divorced people marry, four people get into bed
When you have no choice, mobilize the spirit of courage
With money in your pocket you are wise, you are handsome, and you sing well too
You can't force anyone to love you or lend you money
Your friend has a friend; don't tell him
A little fire burns up a great deal of corn
A rich man has no need of character
Admission by the defendant is worth a hundred witnesses
An advantage of poverty: your relatives gain nothing by your death
Education is what most receive, many pass on, and few possess.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
If you obey all of the rules, you miss all of the fun.
What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others.
The most precious gift we can offer others is our presence. When mindfulness embraces those we love, they will bloom like flowers.
Daring ideas are like chessmen moved forward. They may be beaten, but they may start a winning game.
In the beginning the Universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.
A penny will hide the biggest star in the Universe if you hold it close enough to your eye.
We must become the change we want to see.
The leader has to be practical and a realist, yet must talk the language of the visionary and the idealist.
Conservation is humanity caring for the future.
The worst-tempered people I've ever met were the people who knew they were wrong.
A myth is a religion in which no one any longer believes.
We've gotten to the point where everybody's got a right and nobody's got a responsibility.
Failure to prepare is preparing to fail.
Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things.
Oh, my friend, it's not what they take away from you that counts. It's what you do with what you have left.
Change should be a friend. It should happen by plan, not by accident.
5 out of 2 people are dyslexic Dyslexics of the world: untie!
The optimist thinks this is the best of all possible worlds. The pessimist fears it is true.
Press any key to continue or any other key to quit...
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you ever tried.
I went to a bookstore and asked the saleswoman, "Where's the self-help section?" She said if she told me, it would defeat the purpose.
Knowledge is power. Power corrupts. Corruption is a crime. Crime doesn't pay. So if you keep studying you'll go broke!
If smoking is so bad for you, how come it cures kippers?
Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day, teach a man how to fish, and he will sit in a boat drinking beer all day...
The only two things that are infinite in size are the universe and human stupidity. And I'm not completely sure about the universe.
I knew it would be in the last place I looked for it, so I looked there first.
Here's a horrible thought: You know how dumb the average person is? Well, half the human race is even dumber than that...
Love between a man and a woman can be a beautiful thing, especially if you're between the right man and the right woman.
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder.
If Bill Gates got a nickel every time some version of Windows crashed or frustrated, he's be the richest man in the world!
Some days you're the dog, some days you're the hydrant!
It was a woman that drove me to drink. Such a shame I forgot to thank her
The I.S.O. standard unit of female pulchritude is the milli-helen. This is the amount of beauty capable of causing the launching of a single ship.
Women are like pianos - When they're not upright they're grand.
It's a dog eat dog world out there..... And vice versa.
I love being a writer. What I can't stand is the paperwork
If you can't beat them, join them, then beat them.
If you were going to shoot a mime - would you use a silencer?
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then is not an act, but a habit.
The concept of relative ethics is truly a tribute to the human mind, and man's ability to delude himself.
Men will send one perfect rose, without realising a girl's need for one perfect limo.
If scientists are so clever, what is the speed of dark?
God Is Perfect, Man Is Not, Man Made Alcohol, God Made Pot !!!!
Windows: A 32 bit extension and graphical shell, for a 16 bit patch to an 8 bit operating system, originally coded for a 4 bit microprocessor, written by a 2 bit company, that can't stand 1 bit of competition. Good thing there's not any.
It's hard to have a battle of wits with an unarmed person.
You do not really understand something unless you can explain it to your grandmother.
Never explain. Your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway.
If at first you don't succeed, give up skydiving.
A man is not truly drunk until he can't lie on the floor without holding on.
"One only needs two tools in life: WD-40 to make things go, and duct tape to make them stop."
We have enough youth, how about a fountain of smart?
If at first you don't succeed, call it version 1.0
A good storyteller is a person who has a good memory and hopes other people haven't.
You are a fluke of the universe; you have no right to be here, and whether you can hear it or not, the universe is laughing behind your back.
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
If vegetarians eat vegetables, beware of humanitarians!
Most computer problems are caused by a loose nut between the chair and the keyboard.
Why do clairvoyants need doorbells ?
Where do you want to tell Microsoft to go today?
Some mornings, it's just not worth chewing through the leather straps.
Help me to be careful of the toes I step on today As they may be connected to the ass that I may have to kiss tomorrow.
I have a firm grip of reality - now I can strangle it....
Experts eliminate the simpler mistakes in favor of the more complex ones, thereby achieving a higher degree of stupidity.
People who claim they don't let little things bother them have never slept in a room with a single mosquito.
Just because I have a short attention span doesn't mean I
The day Microsoft makes something that doesn't suck is probably the day they start making vacuum cleaners......
Life would be much easier if I had the source code.
He who laughs last thinks slowest.
Happiness is a journey, not a destination. Work like you don't need the money Love like you've never been hurt And dance like no one's watching
If you have nothing to hide, why do you use an envelope?
Homo Sapiens is a goal, not a description.
Early to rise, early to bed, makes you healthy but socially dead.
Unfinished business - business that is finished, but you don't like the way it turned out.
Remember half the people you know are below average.
I am in shape. Round is a shape.
You know you're getting old when you stoop to tie your shoes and wonder what else you can do while you're down there.
There are three kinds of people in the world. Those who can count and those who can't.
"Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen."
Everyone thinks I'm psychotic, except for my friends deep inside the earth.
If the gods had meant for mankind to fly, they wouldn't have made the ground so hard, or so far down.
Eagles soar but a weasel will never get sucked into a jet engine.
Moore's Law: hardware speed doubles every 18 months Gates' Law: software speed halves every 18 months
At first there was nothing. Then God said 'Let there be light!' Then there was still nothing. But you could see it.
Suburbia: where they tear down all the trees and name streets after them.
Money doesn't make you happy, but money can buy gizmos and gizmos make you happy.
If voting could change the system, it would be illegal. If not voting could change the system, it would be illegal.
Sarchasm: The gulf between the author of sarcastic wit and the reader who doesn't get it.
I have never made but one prayer to God, a very short one: "O Lord, make my enemies ridiculous." And God granted it.
I started out with nothing,and I`ve still got most of it left.
I'm not a complete idiot; some parts are missing.
Luck is when opportunity meets preparation.
I found out what serendipity meant by accident.
To a Pessimist, the glass is half empty. To an Optimist, the glass is half full. To an Engineer, the glass is twice as big as it needs to be.
Be aloof, there has been a recent population explosion of lerts.
Doesn't it bother you that we have to search for intelligent life
Tact: the ability to describe others as they see themselves.
If a tree falls in the forest and no one is around to see it, do the other trees make fun of it?
Conscience: That part of the psyche that dissolves in alcohol.
I don't practice what I preach, because I'm not the kind of person I'm preaching to.
There are two secrets for success.
Breast size multiplied by IQ always equals 69.
What we need is either less corruption, or more chance to participate in it.
There are basically three kinds of men. There are the ones who learn by reading. Then there are the few who learn by observation. The rest just have to pee on the electric fence for themselves.
What is a rhetorical question?
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the precipitate.
Even in the worst of times, there is always someone who's never had it better. Even in the best of times, there is always someone who's never had it worse.
Health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
Subtlety is the art of saying what you think and getting out of the way before it is understood.
A lawyer is an expert on justice the way a whore is an expert on love.
God, grant me the Senility to forget the people I never liked anyway, the Good Fortune to run into the ones I do, And the Eyesight to tell the difference.
Computer games don't affect kids. I mean if Pacman affected us as kids, we'd all run around in a darkened room munching pills and listening to repetitive music.
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station........
Windows error messages in Haiku #2:
One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, floor.
Bigamy is having one too many wives. Monogamy is the same.
Got kleptomania? Take something for it.
A Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer is to computing what a McDonalds Certified Food Specialist is to fine cuisine.
If God had meant carrots to be eaten cooked, He would have given rabbits fire.
Claiming that your operating system is the best in the world because more people use it is like saying that McDonalds makes the best food in the world.
A real friend isn't someone you use once and then throw away. A real friend is someone you can use over and over again.
There's an old proverb that says just about whatever you want it to say.
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Children seldom misquote you. In fact, they usually repeat word for word what you shouldn't have said.
The sooner you fall behind, the more time you have to catch up.
Veni, Vidi, Visa. (I came, I saw, I bought.)
People say that I suffer from insanity. Actually, I enjoy every minute of it.
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the weaponry to make the difference stick!
God must have loved calories, she made so many of them.
What happens if you get scared half to death twice?
UNIX is not user-unfriendly; it merely expects users to be computer-friendly.
Time is nature's way of keeping everything from happening all at once. Space is nature's way of keeping it all from happening to you.
Hard work has a future payoff. Laziness pays off NOW.
Smith & Wesson: THE original point and click interface...
If a man says something in the middle of a forest and there isn't a woman around to hear him, is he still wrong?
There are 10 kinds of people in the world:
I think the last place I'd like to be beamed is 'Up Scotty'
Half of being smart is knowing what you're dumb at.
The golden rule: he who has the gold, makes the rules.
Somebody ought to cross ball point pens with coat hangers so that the pens will multiply instead of disappear.
We've heard that a million monkeys bashing away at a million keyboards could produce a complete Shakespearian work Now, thanks to the internet, we know this is not true.
When did I realize I was God? Well, I was praying, and noticed that I was talking to myself.
Having a smoking section in a restaurant is like having a peeing section in a swimming pool.
Any philosophy that can be put "in a nutshell" belongs in one.
Mathematicians, please don't drink and derive.
We will have solar energy as soon as the utility companies solve one technical problem -- how to run a sunbeam through a meter.
Mornings: Evolution in action. Only the grumpy will survive.
The problem with the world is stupidity. Not saying there should be a capital punishment for stupidity, but why don't we just take the safety labels off of everything and let the problem solve itself?
The illegal we do immediately. The unconstitutional takes a little longer.
What is food to one man is bitter poison to others.
#3537. Superfluity does not vitiate.
He who thinks by the inch and talks by the yard deserves to be kicked by the foot.
To err is human, but to really foul things up requires a computer.
Man is a clever animal who behaves like an imbecile.
It is after you have lost your teeth that you can afford to buy steaks.
It should be our care not so much to live a long life as a satisfactory one.
Don't take life too seriously. You'll never get out of it alive.
Not even the gods fight against necessity.
We have a criminal jury system which is superior to any in the world; and its efficiency is only marred by the difficulty of finding twelve men every day who don't know anything and can't read.
He has a splendid repertoire of 500 words. Why does he insist on using only 150?
"If wishes were horses, beggars would ride."
"When I find myself in the company of scientists, I feel like a shabby curate who has strayed by mistake into a room full of dukes."
"That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind."
Thats one small code in perl, one giant leap in computing time.
"There is still no cure for the common birthday."
"The guy with the biggest stomach will be the first to take off his shirt at a baseball game."
"No one is entitled to the truth."
"If all mankind minus one were of one opinion, mankind would be no more justified in silencing that one person than he, if he had the power, would be justified in silencing mankind."
"An expert is someone who knows more and more about less and less, until eventually he knows everything about nothing."
Harry: Yeah I called her up, she gave me a bunch of crap about me not listening to her, or something, I don't know, I wasn't really paying attention.
"Most people would rather be certain they're miserable, than risk being happy."
"Love means never having to say you're sorry."
"There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle."
"There are only two tragedies in life: one is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it."
"Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing."
"The truth is more important than the facts."
"The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who cannot read them."
"I choose a block of marble and chop off whatever I don't need."
"Interesting - I use a Mac to help me design the next Cray."
"A poem is never finished, only abandoned."
"I worship the quicksand he walks in."
"I've just learned about his illness. Let's hope it's nothing trivial."
"He would make a lovely corpse."
"Now, now my good man, this is no time for making enemies."
"This isn't right, this isn't even wrong."
"Woman was God's second mistake."
"God gave men both a penis and a brain, but unfortunately not enough blood supply to run both at the same time."
"I criticize by creation - not by finding fault."
"He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire."
"There's many a bestseller that could have been prevented by a good teacher."
"There is only one nature - the division into science and engineering is a human imposition, not a natural one. Indeed, the division is a human failure; it reflects our limited capacity to comprehend the whole."
"Half this game is ninety percent mental."
"We're going to turn this team around 360 degrees."
"The President has kept all of the promises he intended to keep."
"Whatever is begun in anger ends in shame."
"It is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both."
"It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog."
"The difference between fiction and reality? Fiction has to make sense."
"The right to swing my fist ends where the other man's nose begins."
"Don't let it end like this. Tell them I said something."
"He can compress the most words into the smallest idea of any man I know."
"After I'm dead I'd rather have people ask why I have no monument than why I have one."
"A pint of sweat, saves a gallon of blood."
"Denial ain't just a river in Egypt."
"Everything that can be invented has been invented."
"We don't like their sound, and guitar music is on the way out."
"Who the hell wants to hear actors talk?"
"There is no reason anyone would want a computer in their home."
"Democracy does not guarantee equality of conditions - it only guarantees equality of opportunity."
"The backbone of surprise is fusing speed with secrecy."
"If stupidity got us into this mess, then why can't it get us out?"
"I'm not a member of any organized political party, I'm a Democrat!"
"I think it would be a good idea."
"I think there is a world market for maybe five computers."
"A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty."
"There is a country in Europe where multiple-choice tests are illegal."
"The man who goes alone can start today; but he who travels with another must wait till that other is ready."
"Sometimes it is not enough to our best; we must do what is required."
"Dogma is the sacrifice of wisdom to consistency."
"Learning is what most adults will do for a living in the 21st century."
"A husband is what is left of the lover after the nerve has been extracted."
"The average person thinks he isn't."
"Well done is better than well said."
"Silence is argument carried out by other means."
"The longer I live the more I see that I am never wrong about anything, and that all the pains that I have so humbly taken to verify my notions have only wasted my time."
"Never mistake motion for action."
"A scholar who cherishes the love of comfort is not fit to be deemed a scholar."
"Being on the tightrope is living; everything else is waiting."
"It is better to be quotable than to be honest."
<Jv8> programming has destroyed my ability to speak English
[02:18:04] s7ank: i want to be one of those guys that types "s/j&jd//.^$ueu*///djsls/sm." and it's a perl script that turns dog crap into gold.
<Zero> I had a totally hot chemistry teacher once. She used to always say "Uh huh." and show her ass. Win XP is like that.
<GrndZero> "China has already cloned human embryos" <GrndZero> Go china <xscope> yeah..thats what China needs..more people.
<pronstar``afk> my kazaa preformed an illegal opperation <cCCPehlet`> isn't that what kazaa is designed to do?
<EnoC> sex should be like a honda slow obsene and loud enough for the neighbors to hear
<m[e]ntor> Does anyone know where I can buy 100 m of wireless lan cable? <insight> Well, you could try NASA's "things not yet and never will be invented"-department or something.
<Kris> fuck!  someone stole all my beer and drank it and left the empties all over my apartment! <Kris> either that or I now know why I have a headache and no real memory of anything after 21:00
<billiam> crap... some one knocked over my recycle bin... there's icons all over my desktop...
<drewb> I still dont get how you can use linux when it doesnt have a control panel <jamesm> well duh, use xeyes
* Cheez is now known as rwxr-xr-x <MudBlud> ./Cheez
<tag> Ouroboros: lets play Pong <Ouroboros> Ok. <tag> |    . <Ouroboros> .    | <tag> |  . <Ouroboros>    . | <tag> | . <Ouroboros>      | . <Ouroboros> Whoops
<mironixima> hello <mironixima> any redhat 9 users in here? <SKaReCRoW> let's hope not
private\windows\media\avi\verinfo.16\verinfo.h:  
private\genx\shell\inc\prsht.w: // we are such morons. Wiz97 underwent a redesign between IE4 and IE5 
private\shell\ext\ftp\ftpdrop.cpp: //We have to do this only because Exchange is a moron. 
private\shell\shdoc401\unicpp\desktop.cpp: // We are morons. We changed the IDeskTray interface between IE4 
private\inet\wininet\urlcache\filemgr.cxx: // ACHTUNG!!! this is a special hack for IBM antivirus software 
/* * nesting deeper and deeper, harder and harder, go, go, oh, OH, OHHHH!! * Sorry, got carried away there. */ struct lo_FormElementOptionData_struct {
/* IWDFWI */  Translation: It works, don't fuck with it.  
// Hocus Pocus, grab the focus 
Real Programmers consider "what you see is what you get" to be just as bad a concept in Text Editors as it is in women. No, the Real Programmer wants a "you asked for it, you got it" text editor -- complicated, cryptic, powerful, unforgiving, dangerous.
And as a bonus the recovery CD includes a fully-functioning tetris game.
These download files are in Microsoft Word 6.0 format. After unzipping, these files can be viewed in any text editor, including all versions of Microsoft Word, WordPad, and Microsoft Word Viewer.
YASFPIIAS Yet Another SourceForge Project In Its Alpha Stage
Email law #1: A second after you close your email client, a new email will arrive
Email law #2: The second you open your mail client a junk mail will arrive
Email law #3: When you want to send an important attachment the email will always be sent without it.
Email law #4: When you are waiting for important email, it will always located on the spam directory.
Email law #5: When you think you configured your junk mail filter correctly, a new way will be found to send you junk.
#!/bin/bash # written by darren kirby  You="R_a_dream" Are="you_really_there?" let Me=make love; To="u" i="long"; FOR="you" Not="meant_2_b" for the_stars in the sky and the light from The moon do #not forget...I will done #in from the heartache declare -i am_in_love if [[ -n $You ]] && [[ -n $Are ]] && [[ -n $Not ]]; then # I will fi #naly I am free
" ...draining workplace productivity since 1996"
If you ever see me getting beaten by the police, put down the video camera and come help me.
I bet if Zebras tasted like Zebra Cakes there would be a lot less vegetarians.
Insanity Is The Fuel For The Mind
The dark is not mysterious; it is merely dark.
I want to know Gods thoughts, the rest are details.
640K ought to be enough for anybody.
Its hard to expect people to think outside of the box when they cant find their way to the other side of a dot.
A liberal is a man too broadminded to take his own side in an argument.
Life is a comedy to those who think, and a tragedy to those who feel.
If you see Buddha coming down the road, kill him
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.
Dream as if youll live forever. Live as if youll die today.
They that can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety.
I came here to be drugged, electricuted and probed, not insulted!
Humans dont know this but due to the war among the angels, heavens closed. Nobody who has died since the beginning of time has made it in. Sorry. All those bones just lying there! But, Hell! While heaven may be closed, I am open all year round, even on Christmas.
Kids, you tried your best and you failed miserably. The lesson is, never try.
Just because you are paranoid doesnt mean theyre not after you.
Common sense is genius dressed in its working clothes.
Sacred cows make the best hamburger.
Fighting for peace is like screwing for virginity
He who has seen the end of war.. is dead.
I shouldve been a plumber.
In war-time.. .truth is so precious that she should always be attended by a bodyguard of lies.
Listen! You smell something?
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
Some guy hit me in the fender the other day. I told him to go forth an prosper fruitfully on his own. Only not in those words.
It is foolish to tear ones hair in grief, as though sorrow would be made less by baldness.
If you have Brains in your head and feet in your shoes you can do any thing
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
Just because I'm paranoid, doesn't mean they aren't after me.
One day when I was little, and my parents were having a party, I went around to all the adults and said, drink this and it will make you grow. They all laughed and said I was cute. Then I went to the coat-room and hemmed all their coats.
I did not get my Spaghetti-Os, I got spaghetti. I want the press to know this. ( Last words before being executed. )
Freedom is a feeling you celebrate with the world. Lets make cakes, not weapons. Lets visit the plastic surgeon and replace our arms with wings. This may cost a lot of money.
I want to die peacefully in my sleep like my grandfather. Not screaming and yelling like the people in his car.
Ive been in a bad mood for the past couple of years, so why dont you just leave me alone?
Life is like a roll of toilet paper. When it come close to the end, it goes faster.
Tell a man there are 300 Billion stars in the universe and hell believe you. Tell him a bench has wet paint on it and hell have to touch to be sure.
They are GODS... just like Ted Nugent!
Whining is anger through a small opening.
Arrogance is a form of ignorance.
Your random quote from 324 quotes, is: Whenever you are asked if you can do a job, tellem, Certainly I can! - and get busy and find out how to do it.
Why is it that when we talk to God were said to be praying, but when God talks to us were schizophrenic?
"Those that can, do. Those that can't, complain".
"Our enemies are innovative and resourceful, and so are we. They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people, and neither do we ... We must never stop thinking about how best to defend our country. We must always be forward-thinking"
"Life, liberty, and the pursuit of spelling errors."
"All I can tell you is that pictures come into my head and I write stories about them."
"A neurotic is the man who builds a castle in the air. A psychotic is the man who lives in it. A psychiatrist is the man who collects the rent."
"Words are, of course, the most powerful drug used by mankind."
"Scientists theorize about the possibilty of going to the stars, poets go there."
"I'd deflower you, but i'm an environmentalist."
"I laugh, I smile, and I take Prozac."
"Any couple who can blush in unison deserve each other."
"You know it's love when you memorize her IP number to skip DNS overhead."
"You know you've been on NetGoth too long when you're overjoyed whenever you get email that doesn't start with a Re:"
"Work is the curse of the drinking class."
"Friends don't let friends...go to clubs dressed like The Crow."
"May the rocks below be merciless and jagged."
"There is no cause so noble, that one cannot find fools following it."
"He's YOUR god, They're YOUR rules, YOU burn in hell."
"Uncle Cosmo ... why do they call this a word processor?" "It's simple, Skyler ... you've seen what food processors do to food, right?"
"Spare no expense to save money on this one."
"Jesus save sinners and redeems them for valuable prizes!"
"Life is one big ink blot."
"But it doesn't matter because we're all doomed."
"I either want less corruption, or more chance to participate in it."
"I don't have any solution, but I certainly admire the problem."
"By doing just a little every day, I can gradually let the task completely overwhelm me."
"Maybe I'm lucky to be going so slowly, because I may be going in the wrong direction."
"America is the only country that went from barbarism to decadence without civilization in between."
"Republicans understand the importance of bondage between a mother and child."
"If we don't succeed, we run the risk of failure."
"I believe we are on an irreversible trend toward more freedom and democracy - but that could change."
"People that are really very weird can get into sensitive positions and have a tremendous impact on history."
"I am not part of the problem. I am a Republican."
"TIAC tech support: stealing idiots from villages everywhere."
"TIAC Human resources: stealing idiots from villages everywhere."
"Art is a telling of stories and drumming is one of the earliest forms of that art."
"Love is the triumph of imagination over the intelligence."
"If I hammered a three-way plug adapter into my skull and plugged my head into a wall-socket I'd certainly be getting a lot more intellectual stimulation than I'm getting now."
"Success didn't spoil me; I've always been insufferable."
"If you're going to have delusions, you may as well go for the really satisfying ones."
"All of God's children are not beautiful. Most of God's children are, in fact, barely presentable."
"Think of how stupid the average person is. Now realize that by definition HALF of the population is even STUPIDER."
"I can resist everything except temptation."
"Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away."
"Coincidences are spiritual puns."
"Conscious is when you are aware of something and conscience is when you wish you weren't."
"I had to hit him -- he was starting to make sense."
"I'm having an emotional outburst!!"
"Hey! I don't steal - I gave that up!"
"The closet upstairs: If you can only rub it in one direction, we carry it!"
"Democracy is a government where you can say what you think even if you don't think."
"However, never daunted, I will cope with adversity in my traditional manner ... sulking and nausea."
"If God had meant for us to be in the Army, we would have been born with green, baggy skin."
"Whenever you find that you are on the side of the majority, it is time to reform."
"Not only is this incomprehensible, but the ink is ugly and the paper is from the wrong kind of tree."
"This is a test of the Emergency Broadcast System. If this had been an actual emergency, do you really think we'd stick around to tell you?"
"Sometimes I simply feel that the whole world is a cigarette and I'm the only ashtray."
"You can't have everything. Where would you put it?"
"A day without sunshine is like night."
"So many rednecks, so little time..."
"Heh heh death chicks are cool. They do weird sex stuff."
"I don't suffer from insanity. I enjoy every minute of it."
"It just can't be illegal to kill someone that incompetent!"
"He who cannot lie, knows not what truth is."
"Everybody has a right to be stupid, but some people abuse the privilege."
"It's cool! It's groovy! It's got penguins! And wibbly bits!"
"Anything is art if an artist says it is."
"I'm a bisexual polyamorous pervert, but I STILL won't sleep with YOU."
"We are painted. Fear us."
"I'd like to change your mind by hitting it with a rock."
"If I painted my turtle black, would it be spooky?"
"Reality is frequently inaccurate."
"Hey, this train doesn't talk!"
"It's like a crack pipe for smart people."
"Punk isn't dead, its waiting in ambush. "
"Life doesn't throw me curve balls. It just hits me with the bat."
"Every once in a while, it's a good idea to call out 'Computer, end program,' just to check."
"High School is full of morons. Unfortunately most of them TEACH us."
"I hate you all and I hope you have snacks!"
"You sir have just crossed my happy line...."
"What a cute little cemetery!"
"Stick. Electric. Poke. Cow go Zzzt Zzzt."
"Should I come over and squeak until you fall asleep?"
"A truly wise man never plays leapfrog with a unicorn."
"The intelligent man finds almost everything ridiculous, the sensible man hardly anything."
"Conformity is the jailer of freedom and the enemy of growth."
"The dreams of youth are the regrets of maturity."
"First things first, but not necessarily in that order."
"And you must always remember there's one good thing about being trapped down here: it'll save funeral expenses."
It doesn't matter what temperature a room is; it's always room temperature
Not all those who wander are lost....
"The only religion I know is Love."
"The Moral Law tells us the tune we have to play: our instincts are merely the keys."
"Human beings, all over the earth, have this curious idea that they ought to behave in a certain way, and can't really get rid of it."
"Who can endure a doctrine which would allow only dentists to say whether our teeth were aching, only cobblers to say whether our shoes hurt us, and only governments to tell us whether we were being well governed?"
...Sooner or later you're going to realize just as I did that there's a difference between knowing the path and walking the path.
"Aim at heaven and you will get earth thrown in. Aim at earth and you get neither."
"Notice the waves, each moving in its own order, predictable, unchanging. But drop in a single stone and see how the pattern changes. Everything around it is altered."
"On my world, there are books, thousands of pages, about the power of one mind to change the Universe, but none said it as clearly as this."
"Damn. You see, it's your fault. You're bad luck. I've always said that about him. Now, come on, come on. Look, you're a security chief. Shouldn't you be out securing something?"
"Even for an alien, this one is pretty alien."
"We have unlimited manpower and the will to use it! Can you imagine what we could achieve together?" "I can, which is why it must never be allowed to happen."
"You make very good sharks, Mr. Garibaldi. We were pretty good sharks ourselves once, but somehow, along the way, we forgot how to bite. There was a time when this whole quadrant belonged to us. What are we now? Twelve worlds and a thousand monuments to past glories. Living off memories and stories, selling trinkets."
"My god, man. We've become a tourist attraction. 'See the great Centauri Republic -- open 9 to 5, Earth time.'"
"I haven't broken the rules in a long time, doctor, so I guess .. I'm about due."
"Michael, I picked you because you are right for the job. You are not politicking, you are not subtle, and sometimes you are a pain in the ass. And I wouldn't have it any other way."
"There is a hole .. in your mind."
"Commander, this little breach of security isn't going to affect my Christmas bonus, is it?"
"Delenn, just before he died, the Minbari assassin looked at me and said: 'There's a hole in your mind.'" "An old Minbari insult. Nothing you need worry about."
"I would never tell you anything that was not in your best interest."
"A poem: a story in meter or rhyme." "Ahh. 'There once was a man from Nantucket..'" "You've been talking to Garibaldi again, haven't you?"
"All I'm asking is that you trust me." "Trust you? Londo, my brain will be five days dead before I ever trust a Centauri. The first time we met you people, the first time we met any other civilization, you told us you practically ran the entire galaxy."
"Appearances aside, we are two completely different species." "A clerical error."
"Okay, we made a mistake. I'm sorry. Here, open my wrist." "Centauri don't have major arteries in their wrist." "Of course we don't. What do you think, I'm stupid?"
"Your diligence is commendable. Anything else?" "No, I just--" "Then, if you'll excuse me, but I'm in the middle of 15 things, all of them annoying. Thank you for coming by."
"My father always told me: 'The best way to understand someone is to fight him, make him angry. That's when you see the real person.'"
"He taught me everything I know about flying, and combat. He said to ignore the propaganda, focus on what you see. I've never seen the Minbari fight dishonorably. They never pull a sneak attack."
"So, who are you voting for?" "I think I'll vote for Marie Crane. .. I do not like Santiago. I always thought that a leader should have a strong chin. He has no chin and his vice-president has several. This, to me, is not a good combination."
"We should've wiped out your kind when we had the chance." "What happened? Run out of small children to butcher?"
"You eat like a starving man." "Seeing death has the way of doing that to me."
"If you ask me, the universe is going to hell in a handbasket."
"They are alone. They are a dying people. We should let them pass." "Who? The Narn or the Centauri?" "Yes."
"Mr. Garibaldi, you are sitting in my station, using my equipment. Is there a reason for this, or to save time should I just go ahead and snap your hands off at the wrist?"
"The Council, the Council can go to hell. And the emergency session can go to hell. And you, you can go to hell too. I wouldn't want you to feel left out!"
"Londo, Londo, why are you doing this?" "Because, we are a race of lunatics and cowards."
"Well, unlike me, the Lieutenant Commander takes a while to warm up to people, especially when she's working."
"The Earth Alliance can't go around being the galaxy's policemen."
"Mr. Garibaldi! Just now, would you really have killed me?" "Yes. Yes, I would've, but I'm just as glad I didn't have to. The paperwork's a pain in the butt."
"Had the silly thing in reverse."
"Always this busy around here?" "Yes. We like it that way."
Nothing's ever really changed. What difference does it make whether it's the Corporate state or the Nation state? In our struggle for freedom we still find ourselves fighting the state.
War is one of the scourges with which it has pleased God to afflict men.
Do not speak harshly to any one; those who are spoken to will answer thee in the same way. Angry speech is painful: blows for blows will touch thee.
I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I intended to be.
Love is the process of my leading you gently back to yourself.
"Um amigo de verdade no  aquele que separa uma briga sua e sim aquele que chega dando voadora."  "a true friend is not that one that separates to one fight its and yes that one that arrives giving flying."
one thing with open source is, you can't criticize it, because they'll only tell you to make it better
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where train stops. On my desk, I have a work station...
Anarchy, n. Other peoples freedom.
Anger is a condition in which the tongue works faster than the mind.
Blonde is not a hair color, it is a state of mind.
Life was simple before World War II. After that, we had systems.
Nobody believed that I had a running compiler and nobody would touch it. They told me computers could only do arithmetic.
A ship in port is safe; but that is not what ships are built for.
The wonderful thing about standards is that there are so many of them to choose from.
"But Grace, then anyone will be able to write programs!"
Don't take life too seriously: it isn't permanent.
I meant what I said and I said what I meant . . . An elephant's faithful One hundred percent.
Adults are just obsolete children and the hell with them.
Every time you make something idiot-proof, some bastard re-invents the idiot!
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion. It's just that yours is stupid.
Give me ambiguity or give me something else.
Have a nice day, somewhere else.
I'll try being nicer if you'll try being smarter.
I'm having amnesia and dj vu at the same time. I think I have forgotten this before!
I'm not as stupid as you look.
I'm on top of the world and afraid of heights.
I've learned that it takes years to build up trust, and it only takes suspicion, not proof, to destroy it.
I don't have an attitude problem: you have a perception problem!
I don't need your attitude, I have one of my own!
"I must do something" will always solve more problems than "Something must be done".
I think, therefore I am wrong.
If 'pro' is the opposite of 'con', what is the opposite of 'progress'?
If the left half of the brain controls the right hand, and the right half the left, than left-handed people are the only ones in their right minds.
If the sheep vote, then so must the wolves.
If voting changed anything it would be illegal.
If winners never quit, and quitters never win, what loser came up with quit while you're ahead?
If you can't appreciate it, You don't deserve it.
If you cannot win, make the one ahead of you break the record.
If you don't like relationships that end, why start them in the first place?
In most instances, all an argument proves is that two people are present.
In the entire history of the world, nobody ever washed a rented car.
It's been a long week today.
It's hard to answer what's wrong... when nothing is right.
It's mind over matter. You don't mind, it don't matter.
It doesn't matter whether you view the glass as half full or half empty, there's still only half a glass worth's there.
It is not ignorance that is the problem, but the illusion of knowledge.
Life is a sexually transmitted disease.
Never mess up an apology with an excuse.
Never mistake knowledge for wisdom. One helps you make a living and the other helps you make a life.
Nine women cannot deliver a baby in one month.
No one's perfect; well there was this one guy, but we killed him.
Nothing is right in my left brain, nothing is left in my right brain.
People say I shouldn't frown because it uses more muscles than smiling. Then I point out that Americans need their exercise.
Pessimists are just realist optimists
Pray for what you want. Work for what you need.
Real programmers don't comment their code. If it was hard to write it should be hard to understand.
Realists are just pessimists looking for an excuse for themselves.
Reality is a poor substitute for my dreams.
"Right" or "Wrong" is always dependent on the context.
"Should" and "is" are two different things.
Should have, would have, could have but didn't.
Since light travels faster than sound, people appear bright until you hear them speak.
Some people can carry a tune, and others just drag it behind them in the dirt.
Someday we will look back on this, laugh nervously, and change the subject.
Sometimes, no matter how much you do, or how much you try, someone will not understand how much you've done until you're gone and they have no one left who actually cares about them, who can look out for them, and who will understand.
Tell us what you need and we'll tell you how to get by without it.
Temptation is seen from a distance never near.
The best defense against logic is ignorance.
The glass isn't half empty. It isn't half full. It's just twice the size it should be.
The only thing in life achieved without effort is failure.
The only time you have too much fuel is when you are on fire.
The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible worlds. The pessimist fears this is true.
There are only 10 types of people in the world; those who understand trinary, those who don't, and those who mistake it for binary.
There are three types of people in this world: the ones who can count, and those who can't.
There are three types of people in this world: the ones who keep you alive, the ones who would otherwise cause you to die, and the ones who somehow manage to do both at the same time.
They may not remember what you said but they will remember how you made them feel.
Those who think they know-it-all are very annoying to those of us who do.
Violence is not the answer, however it is a pretty good guess.
You can please all of the people some of the time, and some of the people all of the time, but you can't please all of the people all of the time.
You ever feel like the world's a giant game of musical chairs and the music has stopped and we're the only ones without chairs?
You have such a pretty smile ... it's a shame the things you hide behind it.
"Welcome to DALNet! Where the men are men, the women are men, and the teenage girls are undercover FBI Agents!"
First we thought the PC was a calculator. Then we found out how to turn numbers into letters with ASCII and we thought it was a typewriter. Then we discovered graphics, and we thought it was a television. With the World Wide Web, we've realized it's a brochure
Never underestimate the bandwidth of a station wagon full of backup tapes hurling down the highway.
Of course, the best way to get accurate information on Usenet is to post something wrong and wait for corrections.
Come to think of it, there are already a million monkeys on a million typewriters, and Usenet is nothing like Shakespeare.
Will journalling become prevalent in the Unix world at large? Probably not. After all, it's nonstandard.
The most horrifying thing about Unix is that, no matter how many times you hit yourself over the head with it, you never quite manage to lose consciousness. It just goes on and on
Your job is being a professor and researcher: That's one hell of a good excuse for some of the brain-damages of minix.
VMS is a text-only adventure game. If you win you can use unix.
There are two major products that come out of Berkeley: LSD and UNIX. We don't believe this to be a coincidence
Fixing Unix is easier than living with NT.
Linux is only free if your time is worthless.
UNIX is an operating system, OS/2 is half an operating system, Windows is a shell, and DOS is a boot partition virus.
Always program as if the person who will be maintaining your program is a violent psychopath that knows where you live
Do what you think is interesting, do something that you think is fun and worthwhile, because otherwise you won't do it well anyway.
.HELP SEX: This system is a computer and as such is not able to help with enquiries of this nature. For details on reproduction see the Xerox documentation.
Around computers it is difficult to find the correct unit of time to measure progress. Some cathedrals took a century to complete. Can you imagine the grandeur and scope of a program that would take as long?
I invented it, Bill made it famous
Trust The Computer. The Computer is your friend.
The disadvantage of working over networks is that you can't so easily go into someone else's office and rip their bloody heart out
Never trust a computer you can't throw out a window.
Part of the inhumanity of the computer is that, once it is competently programmed and working smoothly, it is completely honest.
I do not fear computers. I fear lack of them.
Software is the soul to the lifeless body of the hardware.
Any significant boost in technology could just as easily be a rigged demo.
Humans are the best value in computers - where else can you get a non-linear computer weighing only about 160lbs, having a billion binary decision elements, that can be mass-produced by unskilled labour?
Heuristics are bug ridden by definition - if they didn't have bugs, then they'd be algorithms.
You have a hardware or a software problem
NEVER EVER mess with a PCB jumper you don't understand, even if it's labelled 'SEX AND FREE BEER'.
Software suppliers are trying to make their software packages more user-friendly... Their best approach, so far, has been to take all the old brochures, and stamp the words, 'user-friendly' on the cover
I don't understand why cheerleaders won't talk to me. Maybe I don't throw five touchdowns against Newport High, but let's see one of those football morons program in assembly language.!
You know you're a geek when... You try to shoo a fly away from the monitor with your cursor. That just happened to me. It was scary.
You can create art and beauty with a computer
The memory management on the PowerPC can be used to frighten small children.
When all else fails, read the instructions.
Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not tried it.
Error, keyboard not found - press F1 to continue.
Life would be so much easier if we only had the source code.
Software is like entropy. It is difficult to grasp, weighs nothing, and obeys the second law of thermodynamics; i.e. it always increases.
Anyone who considers arithmetical methods of producing random digits is, of course, in a state of sin.
The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance
/* You are not expected to understand this */
Premature optimization is the root of all evil
Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the Universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots. So far, the Universe is winning.
If your computer speaks English, it was probably made in Japan.
If the code and the comments disagree, then both are probably wrong.
Artificial Intelligence: the art of making computers that behave like the ones in movies.
I have never seen anything fill up a vacuum so fast and still suck.
Programming is like sex: one mistake and you have to support it for the rest of your life.
Documentation is like sex: when it is good, it is very, very good; and when it is bad, it is better than nothing.
If you give someone a program, you will frustrate them for a day; if you teach them how to program, you will frustrate them for a lifetime.
As far as we know, our computer has never had an undetected error
Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later
A language that doesn't have everything is actually easier to program in than some that do
Base eight is just like base ten really, if you're missing two fingers
Software Engineering is that part of Computer Science which is too difficult for the Computer Scientist.
Memory is like an orgasm. It's a lot better if you don't have to fake it.
Like car accidents, most hardware problems are due to driver error.
Computers do not solve problems, they execute solutions
Computers make it easier to do a lot of things, but most of the things they make it easier to do don't need to be done.
Reading computer manuals without the hardware is as frustrating as reading sex manuals without the software.
Captain Elizabeth Lochley : What the hell is your problem? Michael Garibaldi : For starters, I don't know you, therefore I don't trust you. Captain Elizabeth Lochley : The world is full of people you don't know. Michael Garibaldi : I worry about that all the time.
Captain John Sheridan : Are you trying to cheer me up? Susan Ivanova : No sir, wouldn't dream of it. Captain John Sheridan : Good, I hate being cheered up. Susan Ivanova : In that case we're all going to die slow, agonizing deaths. Captain John Sheridan : Thank you, I feel so much better now.
Susan Ivanova : Always finding good in every situation, Captain? Captain John Sheridan : Absolutely. If I didn't, I might end up like you. Susan Ivanova : Hey, what's that supposed to mean? Did anybody else hear that?
Ambassador Londo Mollari : When I said my quarters were cold, I did not mean, 'Oh, I think it's a little chilly in here, perhaps I'll throw a blanket on the bed.' No, I said it was COLD, as in, 'Oh, my left arm has snapped off like an icicle and shattered on the floor'! This is highly inappropriate, Captain! Captain John Sheridan : You're right. There are several other parts of your body I'd much rather see snapped off.
Dukhat : When others do a foolish thing, you should tell them it is a foolish thing. They can still continue to do it, but at least the truth is where it needs to be.
Kosh Naranek : The avalanche has already started; it is too late for the pebbles to vote.
Susan Ivanova : Ivanova is always right. I will listen to Ivanova. I will not ignore Ivanova's recommendations. Ivanova is God. *And*, if this ever happens again, Ivanova will personally rip your lungs out!
Captain Susan Ivanova : Good luck, captain. I think you're about to go where... everyone has gone before.
Ambassador Vir Cotto : Prophecy is a guess that comes true. When it doesn't, it's a metaphor.
Lennier : They trained you well on Minbar. Marcus Cole : They said I had a lot of repressed anger. Lennier : And? Marcus Cole : I'm not repressed anymore!
Elric : As I look at you, Ambasador Mollari, I see a great hand reaching out of the stars. And I hear sounds; the sounds of billions of people calling out your name. Ambassador Londo Mollari : My followers? Elric : Your victims.
Citizen G'Kar : Do you want to be president? Captain John Sheridan : Yes. Citizen G'Kar : Then put your hand on the book and say I do. Captain John Sheridan : I do. Citizen G'Kar : Good, let's eat.
Sinclair : I'm still waiting for an explanation, gentlemen. Ambassador Londo Mollari : Yes, and I'm prepared to give you one, Commander, as soon as the room stops spinning. Sinclair : This station creates gravity by rotation. It never stops spinning. Ambassador Londo Mollari : Well, you begin to see my problem.
Ambassador Londo Mollari : Stop eating that! You don't even know what it is. Citizen G'Kar : Something called..."rice." Ambassador Londo Mollari : Yes. And if it was any good, do you think they would have been standing there, throwing it at people?
Major Krantz : What if we take you with us, put you on trial. Zathras : Zathras not of this time. You take, Zathras die. You leave, Zathras die. Either way, it is bad for Zathras.
Citizen G'Kar : If I take a lamp and shine it toward the wall, a bright spot will appear on the wall. The lamp is our search for truth... for understanding. Too often, we assume that the light on the wall is God, but the light is not the goal of the search, it is the result of the search. The more intense the search, the brighter the light on the wall. The brighter the light on the wall, the greater the sense of revelation upon seeing it. Similarly, someone who does not search - who does not bring a lantern - sees nothing. What we perceive as God is the by-product of our search for God. It may simply be an appreciation of the light... pure and unblemished... not understanding that it comes from us. Sometimes we stand in front of the light and assume that we are the center of the universe - God looks astonishingly like we do - or we turn to look at our shadow and assume that all is darkness. If we allow ourselves to get in the way, we defeat the purpose, which is to use the light of our search to illuminate the wall in all its beauty and in all its flaws; and in so doing, better understand the world around us.
Drazi Ambassador : Captain Sheridan! We thought you were dead! Captain John Sheridan : I was. I'm better now.
Marcus Cole : [after beating someone for information] Its like I always say, you get more with a kind word and a two-by-four than with just a kind word.
Susan Ivanova : Ambassador, do you really want to know what's going on down there? Ambassador Londo Mollari : Yes, absolutely! Susan Ivanova : Boom. Boom boom boom. Boom boom. Boom! Have a nice day!
Citizen G'Kar : With luck, they may never find you, but if they do, you will know pain... Na'Toth #2 : And you will know fear. Citizen G'Kar : And then you will die. Have a pleasant flight.
Lt. Kemmer: I demand you open a channel to Earth at once. Susan Ivanova : I'm a Lieutenant Commander on Earth Force, Major. I don't take demands. If you will request, I will consider it. Lt. Kemmer: Very well, then. I request that you open a channel to Earthdome. Susan Ivanova : Request denied. Have a nice day.
Sinclair : Ready? Delenn : Why is it that your people always ask someone if they are ready right before you are about to do something massively unwise? Sinclair : Tradition.
Captain John Sheridan : Delenn, I have been working up a good mad all day and I am NOT about to let you ruin it by agreeing with me!
Lt. Commander Susan Ivanova : I'll *gain* weight! Dr. Stephen Franklin : At first, yes. Lt. Commander Susan Ivanova : Fine! All my life I've fought against imperialism; now *I'm* the expanding Russian frontier! Dr. Stephen Franklin : Yes, but with very nice borders.
I have decided that suicide is completely out of the question. I refuse to end the suffering of others... No, I must contemplate homicide and end the suffering of one... ME!!!
An ambassador is an honest man sent abroad to lie for his country.
The illiterate of the 21st century will not be those who cannot read and write, but those who cannot learn, unlearn, and relearn.
The enemy is anybody who's going to get you killed, no matter which side he's on.
"People want more.  Thought is overrated.  Look back at history, my dear Socrates, and you will see that all the powerful ideas that have moved men most were simpleminded and superficial, never deep."
Man is by nature a political animal.
The people who oppose your ideas the most are those who represent the establishment that your ideas will upset.
Never doubt that a small group of committed citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.
There are those who look at things the way they are, and ask why... I dream of things that never were, and ask why not?
All thought is naught but a footnote to Plato.
The gods too are fond of a joke.
The greatest discovery of any generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his attitude.
To find something you can enjoy is far better than finding something you can possess.
Do all the good you can, By all the means you can, In all the ways you can, In all the places you can, At all the times you can, To all the people you can, As long as ever you can.
To attempt an understanding of Muad'Dib without understanding his mortal enemies, the Harkonnens, is to attempt seeing Truth without knowing Falsehood. It is the attempt to see the Light without knowing Darkness. It cannot be.
A beginning is the time for taking the most delicate care that the balances are correct. This every sister of the Bene Gesserit knows. To begin your study of the life of Muad'Dib, then, take care that you first place him in his time: born in the 57th year of the Padishah Emperor, Shaddam IV. And take the most special care that you locate Muad'Dib in his place: the planet Arrakis. Do not be deceived by the fact that he was born on Caladan and lived his first fifteen years there. Arrakis, the planet known as Dune, is forever his place.
There should be a science of discontent. People need hard times and oppression to develop psychic muscles.
'Mood? What has mood to do with it? You fight when the necessity arises  no matter the mood! Mood's a thing for cattle or making love or playing the baliset. It's not for fighting.'
"Any road followed precisely to its end leads precisely nowhere. Climb the mountain just a little bit to test that it's a mountain. From the top of the mountain, you cannot see the mountain."
My father once told me that respect for the truth comes close to being the basis for all morality. "Something cannot emerge from nothing," he said. This is profound thinking if you understand how unstable "the truth" can be.
<_molly_> i only shower when i A: smell, or B: fall into the mudd <melf> Does B happen a lot ?
( l008com) Hey does anyone know how David Blaine levitates? ( LoganCale) There are two ways. ( LoganCale) One way he's on a cable and they digitally edit it out. ( l008com) no he's on ABC thats not cable
<|P0SiX|> you version'd me because? <Valin> Because I wanted to see if you are one of those damn Microsoft OS users. You are, and you shouldn't have any nick that has anything to do with the better OSes (the free, unix-like OSes) because anything affiliated with those OSes are too good for the likes of you to soil <|P0SiX|> [Valin VERSION reply]: mIRC32 v5.41
<DigiGnome> Real life should have a fucking search function, or something. <DigiGnome> I need my socks.
<+kritical> christin: you need to learn how to figure out stuff yourself.. <+Christin1> how do i do that
Panny: I could sell my soul back to my ex for a computer. RebelPrincess: don't. Panny: I could sell my soul to Microsoft for a computer. RebelPrincess: don't!!!!
<Pi> Violence solves everything. <Pi> If you have a problem that violence doesn't solve, then you're not using enough of it.
<wecell> new apples look fairly interesting, but i'd hate to buy into something that is going to CRASH all the time. <DigDug> wecell : What are you using right now? <wecell> i've always used windows machines.
@(DonoftheDead) They say if you play a Microsoft CD backwards you hear satanic messages. That's nothing, because if you play it forwards it installs Windows.
<Soybomb> On the way home yesterday, I saw a car with a vanity plate that read: LINUX OS <Soybomb> I really wished for a truck with a WINDOWS plate to ram it...sadly, no. <Druuna> unfortunately, you'd probably crash before hitting it...
<cheapo> haha, this screen appeared on my windows that said "time before shutdown: 60 seconds" <cheapo> so i turned the windows clock 2 years backwards and now it says "time before shutdown: 729 days" :D:D <cheapo> i just love windows :D
* Reddog is now known as You * You have performed an Illegal operation, please Restart Windows * You is now known as Reddog * Desh has quit IRC (Quit: brb gotta restart windows...stupid trillian yelling at me)
<RaZ> I should burn my windows ME CD <Thrawn> no piracy <RaZ> I mean BURN it
<Neon[UK]>im considering using redhat as my desktop pc <Neon[UK]>its just so much better <Neon[UK]>windows error: OMFG THERZZ AN ERRROR!!111 WTF??!?!?! <Neon[UK]>linux error: hello there, you have an error. here's a detailed list of whats gone wrong and he's how to fix it, would you like some coffee?
<Psinic> windows 98 is like that drunk uncle that thinks he knows everything and always tries to convince you he was a CIA operative, and when you argue, he gets violent and then passes out.
<Frag_> whats a good bench mark program? <Ghaleon> Frag_: deltree /y c:\windows <Ghaleon> the longer it takes, the slower your computer is <Ghaleon> (ps, just a joke) <Frag_> uh can i undo deltree?
<Ramza> well how come it's down for me? <Ramza> and don't say because of windows <Cyan683> Does it give an error, or does it say "Unknown Host"? <Ramza> yes <Cyan683> ..... <Cyan683> YES IS NOT AN ANSWER TO "A OR B?" * Cyan683 sets mode: +i * Ramza was kicked by Cyan683 (Wham!    --  Kibou to Hikari no script) * Cyan683 sets mode: -i * Ramza (spoon@anandtech.com) has joined #starmen <Ramza> no?
krlgol2: Microsoft has also managed to upset women and entire countries. A Spanish-language version of Windows XP, destined for Latin American markets, asked users to select their gender between "not specified," "male" or "bitch," because of an unfortunate error in translation.
"Windows - when reboot is the only option"
DO you who know what we suffer here, do not forget us in your prayers.
Deep in the human unconscious is a pervasive need for a logical universe that makes sense. But the real universe is always one step beyond logic.
"Don't make me laugh Starfleet ... and don't make me pull rank on you either."
"Commander Chakotay was just showing me how to contact my animal guide." Janeway to Torres "I hope you had more success with your animal guide than I had with mine." Torres to Janeway "B'Elanna is the only person I know who tried to kill her animal guide" Chakotay
B'Elanna: "Harry." Harry: "B'Elanna, shouldn't you be in engineering?  What are you doing here?" B'Elanna: "Just answer one question, Starfleet.  Where is here?" Harry: "What?" B'Elanna: "Where am I?"
"At ease, Ensign, before you sprain something"
<watashi-x> Oh my God! Are you attemping to DoS me? <Polymer> WTF are you talking about dumb ass <Polymer> I can't get into your MS-DOS
<wecell> new apples look fairly interesting, but i'd hate to buy into something that is going to CRASH all the time. <DigDug> wecell : What are you using right now? <wecell> i've always used windows machines.
<pezmasta> my band is gonna be called: rage against the answering machine
[17:05] *** D1 sets mode: +o C-Rock <D1> oh wait, I was trying to kick you.
Most of our so-called reasoning consists in finding arguments for going on believing as we already do.
In all things there are three choices: Yes, No & no choice, except in this -- I either choose the truth or I am deceit.
Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict.
All we have of freedom -- all we use or know -- This our fathers bought for us, long and long ago.
There is nothing so absurd but some philosopher has said it.
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go, instead, where there is no path and leave a trail.
He helps others most, who shows them how to help themselves.
While you're saving your face, you're losing your ass.
Let him who would enjoy a good future waste none of his present.
Speak the truth, but leave immediately after.
Politicians are like diapers. They both need changing regularly and for the same reason.
A computer is almost human - except that it does not blame its mistakes on another computer.
For every action there is an equal and opposite government program.
Better a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without.
If you would not be forgotten as soon as you are dead, either write things worth reading about or do things worth writing about.
Never look down to test the ground before taking your next step; only he who keeps his eye fixed on the far horizon will find the right road.
Everyone is kneaded out of the same dough but not baked in the same oven.
When you have faults, do not fear to abandon them.
A good plan executed today is better than a perfect plan executed at some indefinite point in the future.
"What's important is not that we can conceive the idea, but that when we actually test it on people you discover it doesn't work... your intuition is wrong."
Torres: "It may be the warriors who get the glory but it's the engineers who build societies, don't forget that."
Dying for Amber is easy...but living for something... that's something much more difficult.
Everything seemed hopeless... and then, it got worse.
I'm working on it from time to time. I might even finish it by the end of the year (I just don't know which year:)
To be, or not to be, that is the question: Whether 'tis nobler in the mind to suffer The slings and arrows of outrageous fortune Or to take arms against a sea of troubles, And by opposing end them. 
There's something to be said for relatives......it has to be said because it's unprintable!
He who exercises government by means of his virtue may be compared to the north polar star, which keeps its place and all the stars turn towards it.
When people have no other tyrant, their own public opinion becomes one.
There is nothing more frightful than ignorance in action.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
He who laughs last is generally the last to get the joke.
It is the soldier, not the reporter, who has given us freedom of the press. It is the soldier, not the poet, who has given us freedom of speech. It is the soldier, not the campus organizer, who has given us the freedom to demonstrate. It is the soldier, who salutes the flag, who serves beneath the flag, and whose coffin is draped by the flag, who allows the protestor to burn the flag.
<SenorWeird> ugh. I need help <Duckie5147> with what? <SenorWeird> I got to the end of a page in this novel i'm reading and I hit the "page down" button on my keyboard. <Duckie5147> hahaha <Duckie5147> you need to read things not one the screen <SenorWeird>  and when the page didn't turn, I got pissed and grabbed the mouse and was like where's the damn scroll bar" <SenorWeird>  and then I realized...."you're reading a book. let the mouse go."
<@Exor[B-AFK]> yeah apparently a teacher in britain was arrested. on him they found a pencil, eraser, ruler, protractor and compass. They said he was part of the Al Gebra network, and that he had weapons of math instruction! <@Exor[B-AFK]> HA HA. * Exor[B-AFK] shoots self
(Skyler) Alright (Skyler) Everyone ready? *** rarrzeroEXE (Hat@1Cust73.tnt3.seymour.in.da.uu.net) Quit (cosmos.esper.net chocobo.esper.net) *** IAN6990 (XX2IAN2XX@AC98EF09.ipt.aol.com) Quit (cosmos.esper.net chocobo.esper.net) *** Silence (Silence@AC8274C2.ipt.aol.com) Quit (cosmos.esper.net chocobo.esper.net) *** Valefor (Valefor@pppta13-471.ght.iadfw.net) Quit (cosmos.esper.net chocobo.esper.net) *** Flashfire (flashfire.@80.192.168.143) Quit (cosmos.esper.net chocobo.esper.net) *** aminal (rah@12-238-242-19.client.attbi.com) Quit (cosmos.esper.net chocobo.esper.net) *** Lani (Lani930@12-248-25-241.client.attbi.com) Quit (cosmos.esper.net chocobo.esper.net) (Comic-San) ....
his_madjesty: hey, I wake up in the middle of the night for all sorts of reasons. his_madjesty: mostly to get up off the computer chair and go to bed.
Calvin: "Any monsters under my bed tonight ?!" Monster: "NOPE!" "NO!" "UHUH" Calvin: "Well there'd better NOT be! I'd hate to have to torch one with my flame thrower!" Hobbes: "You have a flame thrower ??" Calvin: "They lie I lie"
The man who comes with a tale about others has himself an ax to grind.
The great thing about democracy is that it gives every voter a chance to do something stupid.
Duct tape is like the force. It has a light side, and a dark side, and it holds the universe together.
<DigDug> looks like microsoft is extending http <DigDug> HTTP 403.9 - Access Forbidden: Too many users are connected <DigDug> Internet Information Services <OxOO> that must be visual http++
<GaRlic> how you like my new name? <drunkers> it stinks
<SomeGuyYouDontKnow> theres a fatal error between the keyboard and the back of the chair <Yomanman> Norton Crashguard had to shut downthe chair. all unsaved comfort settings have been lost <SomeGuyYouDontKnow> hit any user to continue
* peer stares at CCOutlaw[fagitz] *** Quits: CCOutlaw[fagitz] (outlawtorn@FFChat-24919.ipt.aol.com) (Connection reset by peer) <peer> :D
<IsamuDyson> i think they need to get out and meet some people <BloodFromStone> Hey, I won't allow that kind of talk in here.
Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's useless.
If you obey all of the rules, you miss all of the fun.
If confusion is the first step to knowledge, I must be a genius.
I am not one who was born in the possession of knowledge; I am one who is fond of antiquity, and earnest in seeking it there.
Doubt is not a pleasant condition but certainty is an absurd one.
"Speak softly and carry a big stick; you will go far"
Any man who afflicts the human race with ideas must be prepared to see them misunderstood.
The question is not, can they reason? Nor, can they talk? But, can they suffer?
Never cut what you can untie.
I respect faith, but doubt is what gets you an education.
More appealing than knowledge itself is the feeling of knowledge.
A good listener is not only popular everywhere, but after a while he gets to know something.
A fellow who is always declaring he's no fool usually has his suspicions.
Always be nice to people on the way up; because you'll meet the same people on the way down.
If you steal from one author, it's plagiarism; if you steal from many, it's research.
Over in Hollywood they almost made a great picture, but they caught it in time.
Never be afraid to try something new. Remember, amateurs built the ark; professionals built the Titanic
just eat all the people on your way up, cause they will eat your heart out on your way down
The truth is usually just an excuse for a lack of imagination
Treason, like beauty, is in the eye of the beholder
I cannot forecast to you the action of Russia. It is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma
If you think of yourselves as helpless and ineffectual, it is certain that you will create a despotic government to be your master. The wise despot, therefore, maintains among his subjects a popular sense that they are helpless and ineffectual.
"Why do you test for humans?" he asked. "To set you free." "Free?" "Once men turned their thinking over to machines in hope that this would set them free. But that only permitted other men with machines to enslave them." "Thou shalt not make a machine in the likeness of a man's mind," Paul quoted. "Right out of the Butlerian Jihad and the Orange Catholic Bible," she said.
Don't let people drive you crazy when you know it's in walking distance.
Nothing is more difficult, and therefore more precious, than to be able to decide.
If we are to go forward, we must go back and rediscover those precious values -- that all reality hinges on moral foundations and that all reality has spiritual control.
**  WARNING: USE OF THIS ALPHA RELEASE MAY INFEST YOUR HOUSE WITH  ** **  TERMITES, ROT YOUR TEETH,  GROW HAIR ON YOUR PALMS, AND PASTE  ** **  INNUENDO  INTO  YOUR  C.V.  RIGHT  BEFORE  A  JOB  INTERVIEW!  ** **  DON'T SAY WE DIDN'T WARN YOU, MAN. WE TOTALLY DID RIGHT HERE.  **
"No. We have to stay here and there's a simple reason why. Ask ten different scientists about the environment, population control, genetics and you'll get ten different answers, but there's one thing every scientist on the planet agrees on. Whether it happens in a hundred years or a thousand years or a million years, eventually our Sun will grow cold and go out. When that happens, it won't just take us. It'll take Marilyn Monroe and Lao-Tzu, Einstein, Morobuto, Buddy Holly, Aristophanes .. and all of this .. all of this was for nothing unless we go to the stars."
Civilization exists by geological consent, subject to change without notice.
It is wise to direct your anger towards problems -- not people; to focus your energies on answers -- not excuses.
"I/O, I/O, It's off to disk I go, to read or write a bit or byte. I/O, I/O, I/O"
"There are only 10 types of people in this world. Those who know ternary, those who don't and those who confuse it with binary."
"Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable."
Software is like entropy. It is difficult to grasp, weighs nothing, and obeys the second law of thermodynamics; i.e., it always increases.
"You start coding. I'll go find out what they want."
The hardest thing is to go to sleep at night, when there are so many urgent things needing to be done. A huge gap exists between what we know is possible with today's machines and what we have so far been able to finish.
"... the psychological profiling [of a programmer] is mostly the ability to shift levels of abstraction, from low level to high level. To see something in the small and to see something in the large."
Science is what we understand well enough to explain to a computer. Art is everything else we do.
Any inaccuracies in this index may be explained by the fact that it has been sorted with the help of a computer.
Premature optimization is the root of all evil (or at least most of it) in programming.
"The most important thing in the programming language is the name. A language will not succeed without a good name. I have recently invented a very good name and now I am looking for a suitable language."
"... in fact what I would like to see is thousands of computer scientists let loose to do whatever they want. That's what really advances the field."
A list is only as strong as its weakest link.
"An algorithm must be seen to be believed."
Fiona: "You didn't slay the dragon?" Shrek: "It's on my to-do list."
Donkey: "Are we there yet?" Shrek: "Yes." Donkey: "Really?" Shrek: "NOOOO!"
Puss in Boots: "STOP Ogre! I have misjudged you." Shrek: "Join the club, we have jackets."
A person is smart. People are dumb, panicky, dangerous animals, and you know it. 1500 years ago, everyone knew that the Earth was the center of the universe. 500 years ago, everyone knew that the Earth was flat. 15 minutes ago, you knew that humans were alone on this planet. Imagine what you'll "know" tomorrow.
Gentlemen, congratulations. You're everything we've come to expect from years of government training.
"War is good for business." 34th Rule of Acquisition "Peace is good for business." 35th Rule of Acquisition
The purpose of war is to support your government's decisions by force.
The people I distrust most are those who want to improve our lives but have only one course of action.
The important thing is not to stop questioning.
Power corrupts. Absolute power is kind of neat.
It isn't necessary to have relatives in Kansas City in order to be unhappy.
I don't have a C compiler on my system.  How can I compile perl?  Since you don't have a C compiler, you're doomed and your vendor should be sacrificed to the Sun gods.  But that doesn't help you.
A poor workman blames his tools.
You can't grease a "pig" so many times that he can't be greased one more time.
You lose some... and you win some... and some you don't even bother to play
You need to bait the hook to catch the fish.
You'll always miss 100% of the [basketball] shots you don't take.
You have to crawl before you can walk.
You can't milk a cow with your hands in your pants.
You can't make an omelette without breaking eggs.
You can lead a horse to water but you can't make it drink
You can catch more flies with honey than with vinegar.
Worrying is like sitting in a rocking chair. It gives you something to do but it doesn't get you anywhere
Wide ears and short tongue are the best.
Why pay for the cow when the milk is free?"
Who keeps company with the wolves, will learn to howl.
While the cat is away, the mice will play.
When in Rome do as the Romans do.
Fortunes exist among leftovers.
It's easier to make it than thinking about it.
Any training school for free citizens must begin by teaching distrust, not trust. It must teach questioning, not acceptance of stock answers.
Facts mean nothing when they are preempted by appearence. Do not underestimate the power of impression over reality.
Discovery is dangerous but so is life. A man unwilling to take risk is doomed never to learn, never to grow, never to live.
There's no secret to balance. You just have to feel the waves.
When you think to take determination of your fate into your own hands, that is the moment you can be crushed. Be cautious. Allow for surprises. When we create, there are always other forces at work.
Intelligence takes chance with limited data in an arena where mistakes are not only possible but also necessary.
Seek freedom and become captive of your desires. Seek discipline and find your liberty.
We witness a passing phase of eternity. Important things happen but some people never notice. Accidents intervene. You are not present at episodes. You depend on reports. And people shutter their minds. What good are reports? History in a news account? Preselected at an editorial conference, digested and excreted by prejudice? Accounts you need seldom come from those who make history. Diaries, memoirs and autobiographies are subjective forms of special pleading. Archives are crammed with such suspect stuff.
Enter no conflict against fanatics unless you can defuse them. Oppose a religion with another religion only if your proofs (miracles) are irrefutable or if you can mesh in a way that the fanatics accept you as god-inspired.
No sweeteners will cloak some forms of bitterness. If it tastes bitter, spit it out. That's what our earliest ancestors did.
"In a world full surrounded by Windows, we're handing out rocks"
"Rip. Mix. Burn"
You can't appreciate Shakespeare until you've read him in the original Klingon
Please Captain, not in front of the Klingons.
Humour. It is a difficult concept
I was out saving the galaxy when your grandfather was in diapers
You say history considers me dead. Who am I to argue with history?
Geordi: "Data... I made that joke seven years ago" Data: "I know.... I just got it!"
Normal is what everyone else is and you are not.
Rumours of my assimilation have been greatly exagerrated
Do I annoy you?
The Borg wouldn't know fun if they assimilated an amusement park.
Truth is an excuse for the lack of imagination.
Sometimes it's possible to make no mistakes and still lose. It is not a weakness. It is life.
I can't disappear any more than you could win a beauty contest.
The one place where money come before work is in the dictionary
Mal: "We're not gonna die. We can't die, Bendis. You know why? Because we are so...very...pretty. We are just too pretty for God to let us die."
Mal: "I don't believe there's a power in the 'verse that can stop Kaylee from being cheerful." (he smiles at her, never stopping working) "Sometimes you just wanna duct tape her mouth and dump her in the hold for a month."
Mal: "If anyone gets nosy, just...you know... shoot 'em. " Zoe: "Shoot 'em?" Mal: "Politely."
Book: "I brought you some supper but if you'd prefer a lecture, I've a few very catchy ones prepped...sin and hellfire... one has lepers."
Jayne: "Testing, testing. Captain, can you hear me?" Mal: "I'm standing right here." Jayne: "You're coming through good and loud." Mal: " 'Cause I'm standing right here."
Mal: "Well, you were right about this being a bad idea." Zoe: "Thanks for sayin', sir."
<billyblacktop> yo yo yo, sup my niggas? <jimmy2toes>  your not black <billyblacktop>  how do you know that? <jimmy2toes>  I hacked your webcam, and now I can see you <billyblacktop>  yeah right you cant do that <jimmy2toes> I can and I did. <billyblacktop>  ok then what color hair do I have <jimmy2toes> Hmmm, let me zoom in a bit. Blonde, and you are white, about 6' 2", your room has an emenim poster and your bedspread is yellow and blue. <billyblacktop>  holy fuck man im telling the cops Quits: {billyblacktop} (billyb@235.253.473.232) (Quit:) <jimmy2toes>  LMAO, that was a friend of mine, I just set up his comp today, and showed him mirc, he doesnt know my nick, what a fat tool!!! <nellcarterlookalike>  A fat tool indeed.
<Amnesiac> there's something like awk in perl?
Some ideas are so stupid that only intellectuals could believe them.
If I had eight hours to chop down a tree, I'd spend six sharpening my ax.
There is nothing wrong with the software that rm won't cure.
Think big.  Pollute the Mississippi.
There is no substitute for good manners, except, perhaps, fast reflexes.
The problem with any unwritten law is that you don't know where to go to erase it.
The Jewel of Judgement, Dworkin's text editor. And people complain about having to learn vi!
The Jewel of Judgement, Dworkin's text editor. And you thought Emacs had a lot of options.
The Jewel of Judgement, Dworkin's operating system. And people complain about Unix having weird command names!
/earth is 98% full ... please delete anyone you can.
Windows Error 004 -- Operator Fell Asleep While Waiting
We are Microsoft... OS/2 is irrelevant. UNIX is irrelevant. Openness is futile. Prepare to be assimilated.
Your lucky number is 3552664958674928.  Watch for it everywhere.
Drive defensively.  Buy a tank.
"We are all individuals.  We are all individuals.  We are all individuals..."
Monday, n.:
Good news is just life's way of keeping you off balance.
"To YOU I'm an atheist; to God, I'm the Loyal Opposition."
CChheecckk yyoouurr dduupplleexx sswwiittcchh..
A cult is a religion with no political power.
C Code.  C Code run.  Run, Code, RUN!
Paranoia is what the lazy call wisdom.
Remember -- we're only simulating logic.
The only acting you ever see at the Oscars is when people act like they're not mad they lost. Nicole Kidman was smiling so wide, she should have won an Emmy at the Oscars for her great performance. I was like, 'If you'd done that in the movie, you'd have won an Oscar, girl!
You know the world is going crazy when the best rapper is a white guy, the best golfer is a black guy, the tallest guy in the NBA is Chinese, the Swiss hold the America's Cup, France is accusing the U.S. of arrogance, Germany doesn't want to go to war, and the three most powerful men in America are named 'Bush', 'Dick', and 'Colon'.
A man commented to his lunch companion: "My wife had a funny dream last night. She dreamed she'd married a millionaire." "You're lucky," sighed the companion. "My wife dreams that in the daytime."
The secret of creativity is knowing how to hide your sources.
If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts.
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
The politicians don't just want your money. They want your soul. They want you to be worn down by taxes until you are dependent and helpless. When you subsidize poverty and failure, you get more of both.
For every problem there is a solution which is simple, clean and wrong.
The average man doesn't want to be free. He wants to be safe.
I believe in only one thing: liberty; but I do not believe in liberty enough to want to force it upon anyone.
The trouble with Communism is the Communists, just as the trouble with Christianity is the Christians
A cynic is a man who, when he smells flowers, looks around for a coffin.
The objection to Puritans is not that they try to make us think as they do, but that they try to make us do as they think
Conscience is the inner voice that warns us somebody may be looking.
I believe that religion, generally speaking, has been a curse to mankind - that its modest and greatly overestimated services on the ethical side have been more than overcome by the damage it has done to clear and honest thinking
The only really happy folk are married women and single men.
The plain truth is that I am not a fair man, and don't want to hear both sides
It is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place.
History deals mainly with captains and kings, gods and prophets, exploiters and despoilers, not with useful men
Very few of us are what we seem.
Good advice is always certain to be ignored, but that's no reason not to give it
But surely for everything you love you have to pay some price
Never do anything yourself that others can do for you.
Curious things, habits. People themselves never knew they had them.
Where large sums of money are concerned, it is advisable to trust nobody.
It is completely unimportant. That is why it is so interesting!
Too much mercy... often resulted in further crimes which were fatal to innocent victims who need not have been victims if justice had been put first and mercy second.
I love deadlines. I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by.
I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be.
It is a mistake to think you can solve any major problems just with potatoes.
The ships hung in the sky in much the same way that bricks don't.
Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so.
You live and learn. At any rate, you live.
Value your words. Each one may be the last.
In a war of ideas it is people who get killed.
The first condition of immortality is death.
Advice to writers: Sometimes you just have to stop writing. Even before you begin.
The ability to delude yourself may be an important survival tool.
random girl: hey! me: ...hi? me: who is this? random girl: Jessica, I saw u on myspace random girl: ur hot me: thanks random girl: np me: this girl keeps bugging me, but I don't want to talk to her me: what should I do? random girl: make up sum excuse, like ur mom is kickin u off or sumthing me: oh alright me: I have to go me: my mom is kicking me off me: bye
The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand
I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when it has gone past I will turn the inner eye to see its path. Where the fear has gone there will be nothing. Only I will remain.
A process cannot be understood by stopping it. Understanding must move with the flow of the process, must join it and flow with it.
They're trained to believe, not to know. Belief can be manipulated. Only knowledge is dangerous.
"What do you despise? By this are you truly known."
"People need hard times and oppression to develop psychic muscles."
Thus spoke St. Alia-of-the-Knife: "The Reverend Mother must combine the seductive wiles of a courtesan with the untouchable majesty of a virgin goddess, holding these attributes in tension so long as the powers of her youth endure. For when youth and beauty have gone, she will find that the place-between, once occupied by tension, has become a wellspring of cunning and resourcefulness."
You have read that Muad'Dib had no playmates his own age on Caladan. The dangers were too great. But Muad'Dib did have wonderful companion-teachers. There was Gurney Halleck, the troubadour-warrior. You will sing some of Gurney's songs as you read along in this book. There was Thufir Hawat, the old Mentat Master of Assassins, who struck fear even into the heart of the Padishah Emperor. There were Duncan Idaho, the Swordmaster of the Ginaz; Dr. Wellington Yueh, a name black in treachery but bright in knowledge; the Lady Jessica, who guided her son in the Bene Gesserit Way, and--of course--the Duke Leto, whose qualities as a father have long been overlooked.
How do we approach the study of Muad'Dib's father? A man of surpassing warmth and surprising coldness was the Duke Leto Atreides. Yet, many facts open the way to this Duke: his abiding love for his Bene Gesserit lady; the dreams he held for his son; the devotion with which men served him. You see him there--a man snared by Destiny, a lonely figure with his light dimmed behind the glory of his son. Still, one must ask: What is the son but an extension of the father?
With the Lady Jessica and Arrakis, the Bene Gesserit system of sowing implant-legends through the Missionaria Protectiva came to its full fruition. The wisdom of seeding the known universe with a prophecy pattern for the protection of B.G. personnel has long been appreciated, but never have we seen a condition-utextremis with more ideal mating of person and preparation. The prophetic legends had taken on Arrakis even to the extent of adopted labels (including Reverend Mother, canto and respondu, and most of the Shari-a panoplia propheticus). And it is generally accepted now that the Lady Jessica's latent abilities were grossly underestimated.
"Yueh! Yueh! Yueh!" goes the refrain. "A million deaths were not enough for Yueh!"
Many have marked the speed with which Muad'Dib learned the necessities of Arrakis. The Bene Gesserit, of course, know the basis of this speed. For the others, we can say that Muad'Dib learned rapidly because his first training was in how to learn. And the first lesson of all was the basic trust that he could learn. It's shocking to find how many people do not believe they can learn, and how many more believe learning to be difficult. Muad'Dib knew that every experience carries its lesson.
What had the Lady Jessica to sustain her in her time of trial? Think you carefully on this Bene Gesserit proverb and perhaps you will see: "Any road followed precisely to its end leads precisely nowhere. Climb the mountain just a little to test that it's a mountain. From the top of the mountain, you cannot see the mountain."
It is said that the Duke Leto blinded himself to the perils of Arrakis, that he walked heedlessly into the pit. Would it not be more likely to suggest he had lived so long in the presence of extreme danger he misjudged a change in its intensity? Or is it possible he deliberately sacrificed himself that his son might find a better life? All evidence indicates the Duke was a man not easily hoodwinked.
Over the exit of the Arrakeen landing field, crudely carved as though with a poor instrument, there was an inscription that Muad'Dib was to repeat many times. He say it that first night on Arrakis, having been brought to the ducal command post to participate in his father's first full staff conference. The words of the inscription were a plea to those leaving Arrakis, but they fell with dark import on the eyes of a boy who had just escaped a close brush with death. They said: "O you who know what we suffer here, do not forget us in your prayers."
On that first day when Muad'Dib rode through the streets of Arrakeen with his family, some of the people along the way recalled the legends and the prophecy and they ventured to shout: "Mahdi!" But their shout was more a question than a statement, for as yet they could only hope he was the one foretold as the Lisan al-Gaib, the Voice from the Outer World. Their attention was focused, too, on the mother, because they had heard she was a Bene Gesserit and it was obvious to them that she was like the other Lisan al-Gaib.
"There is probably no more terrible instant of enlightenment than the one in which you discover your father is a man--with human flesh."
My father, the Padishah Emperor, took me by the hand one day and I sensed in the ways my mother had taught me that he was disturbed. He led me down the Hall of Portraits to the ego-likeness of the Duke Leto Atreides. I marked the strong resemblance between them--my father and this man in the portrait--both with thin, elegant faces and sharp features dominated by cold eyes. "Princess-daughter," my father said, "I would that you'd been older when it came time for this man to choose a woman." My father was 71 at the time and looking no older than the man in the portrait, and I was but 14, yet I remember deducing in that instant that my father secretly wished the Duke had been his son, and disliked the political necessities that made them enemies.
Greatness is a transitory experience. It is never consistent. It depends in part upon the myth-making imagination of humankind. The person who experiences greatness must have a feeling for the myth he is in. He must reflect what is projected upon him. And he must have a strong sense of the sardonic. This is what uncouples him from belief in his own pretensions. The sardonic is all that permits him to move within himself. Without this quality, even occasional greatness will destroy a man.
"There is no escape--we pay for the violence of our ancestors."
Do you wrestle with dreams? Do you contend with shadows? Do you move in a kind of sleep? Time has slipped away. Your life is stolen. You tarried with trifles, Victim of your folly.
There is a legend that the instant the Duke Leto Atreides died a meteor streaked across the skies above his ancestral palace on Caladan.
O Seas of Caladan, O people of Duke Leto-- Citadel of Leto fallen, Fallen forever...
When my father, the Padishah Emperor, heard of Duke Leto's death and the manner of it, he went into such a rage as we had never before seen. He blamed my mother and the compact forced on him to place a Bene Gesserit on the throne. He blamed the Guild and the evil old Baron. He blamed everyone in sight, not excepting even me, for he said I was a witch like all the others. And when I sought to comfort him, saying it was done according to an older law of self-preservation to which even the most ancient rulers gave allegiance, he sneered at me and asked if I thought him a weakling. I saw then that he had been aroused to this passion not by concern over the dead Duke but by what that death implied for all royalty. As I look back on it, I think there may have been some prescience in my father, too, for it is certain that his line and Muad'Dib's shared common ancestry.
Muad'Dib could indeed, see the Future, but you must understand the limits of this power. Think of sight. You have eyes, yet cannot see without light. If you are on the floor of a valley, you cannot see beyond your valley. Just so, Muad'Dib could not always choose to look across the mysterious terrain. He tells us that a single obscure decision of prophecy, perhaps the choice of one word over another, could change the entire aspect of the future. He tells us "The vision of time is broad, but when you pass through it, time becomes a narrow door." And always, he fought the temptation to choose a clear, safe course, warning "That path leads ever down into stagnation."
At the age of fifteen, he had already learned silence.
We came from Caladan--a paradise world for our form of life. There existed no need on Caladan to build a physical paradise or a paradise of the mind--we could see the actuality all around us. And the price we paid was the price men have always paid for achieving a paradise in this life.--we went soft, we lost our edge.
Family life of the Royal Creche is difficult for many people to understand, but I shall try to give you a capsule view of it. My father had only one real friend, I think. That was Count Hasimir Fenring, the genetic-eunuch and one of the deadliest fighters in the Imperium. The Count, a dapper and ugly little man, brought a new slave-concubine to my father one day and I was dispatched by my mother to spy on the proceedings. All of us spied on my father as a matter of self-protection. One of the slave-concubines permitted my father under the Bene Gesserit-Guild agreement could not, of course, bear a Royal Successor, but the intrigues were constant and oppressive in their similarity. We became adept, my mother and sisters and I, at avoiding subtle instruments of death. It may seem a dreadful thing to say, but I'm not at all sure my father was innocent in all these attempts. A Royal Family is not like other families. Here was a new slave-concubine, then, red-haired like my father, willowy and graceful. She had a dancer's muscles, and her training obviously had included neuro-enticement. My father looked at her for a long time as she postured unclothed before him. Finally he said: "She is too beautiful. We will save her as a gift." You have no idea how much consternation this restraint created in the Royal Creche. Subtlety and self-control were, after all, the most deadly threats to us all.
This Fremen religious adaptation, then, is the source of what we now recognize as "The Pillars of the Universe," whose Qizara Tafwid are among us all with signs and proofs and prophecy. They bring us the Arrakeen mystical fusion whose profound beauty is typified by the stirring music built on the old forms, but stamped with the new awakening. Who has not heard and been deeply moved by "The Old Man's Hymn"? I drove my feet through a desert Whose mirage fluttered like a host. Voracious for glory, greedy for danger, I roamed the horizons of al-Kulab, Watching time level mountains In its search and its hunger for me. And I saw the sparrows swiftly approach, Bolder than the onrushing wolf. They spread in the tree of my youth. I heard the flock in my branches. And was caught on their beaks and claws!
Prophecy and prescience--How can they be put to the test in the face of the unanswered questions? Consider: How much is actual prediction of the "wave form" (as Muad'Dib referred to his vision-image) and how much is the prophet shaping the future to fit the prophecy? What of the harmonics inherent in the act of prophecy? Does the prophet see the future or does he see a line of weakness, a fault or cleavage that he may shatter with words or decisions as a diamond-cutter shatters his gem with a blow of a knife?
The Fremen were supreme in that quality the ancients called "spannungsbogen"--which is the self-imposed delay between desire for a thing and the act of reaching out to grasp that thing.
My father, the Padishah Emperor, was 72 yet looked no more than 35 the year he encompassed the death of Duke Leto and gave Arrakis back to the Harkonnens. He seldom appeared in public wearing other than a Sardaukar uniform and a Burseg's black helmet with the Imperial lion in gold upon its crest. The uniform was an open reminder of where his power lay. He was not always that blatant, though. When he wanted, he could radiate charm and sincerity, but I often wonder in these later days if anything about him was as it seemed. I think now he was a man fighting constantly to escape the bars of an invisible cage. You must remember that he was an emperor, father-head of a dynasty that reached back into the dimmest history. But we denied him a legal son. Was this not the most terrible defeat a ruler ever suffered? My mother obeyed her Sister Superiors where the Lady Jessica disobeyed. Which of them was the stronger? History already has answered.
God created Arrakis to train the faithful.
If you get up one more time than you fall you will make it through.
The words you speak today should be soft and tender... for tomorrow you may have to eat them.
It may be that those who do most, dream most.
Getting a movie made in Hollywood is like trying to grill a steak by having a succession of people coming into the room and breathing on it.
"Only the skilled can judge the skillfulness, but that is not the same as judging the value of the result."
"But how can the characters in a play guess the plot? We are not the playwright, we are not the producer, we are not even the audience. We are on the stage. To play well the scenes in which we are "on" concerns us much more than to guess about the scenes that follow it."
"I can imagine no man who will look with more horror on the End than a conscientious revolutionary who has, in a sense sincerely, been justifying cruelties and injustices inflicted on millions of his contemporaries by the benefits which he hopes to confer on future generations: generations who, as one terrible moment now reveals to him, were never going to exist. Then he will see the massacres, the faked trials, the deportations, to be all ineffaceably real, an essential part, his part, in the drama that has just ended: while the future Utopia had never been anything but a fantasy."
"Christian Apocalyptic offers us no such hope. It does not even foretell, (which would be more tolerable to our habits of thought) a gradual decay. It foretells a sudden, violent end imposed from without; an extinguisher popped onto the candle, a brick flung at the gramophone, a curtain rung down on the play"Halt!"
"The doctrine of the Second Coming teaches us that we do not and cannot know when the world drama will end. The curtain may be rung down at any moment: say, before you have finished reading this paragraph."
"The doctrine of the Second Coming has failed, so far as we are concerned, if it does not make us realize that at every moment of every year in our lives Donne's question "What if this present were the world's last night?" is equally relevant."
"Frantic administration of panaceas to the world is certainly discouraged by the reflection that "this present" might be "the world's last night"; sober work for the future, within the limits of ordinary morality and prudence, is not."
"For what comes is Judgment: happy are those whom it finds laboring in their vocations, whether they were merely going out to feed the pigs or laying good plans to deliver humanity a hundred years hence from some great evil. The curtain has indeed now fallen. Those pigs will never in fact be fed, the great campaign against White Slavery or Governmental Tyranny will never in fact proceed to victory. No matter; you were at your post when the Inspection came."
When I take action, I'm not going to fire a $2 million missile at a $10 empty tent and hit a camel in the butt. It's going to be decisive.
waaayp - We Are Anxiously Awaiting Your Patches
There is nobody as enslaved as the fanatic, the person in whom one impulse, one value, has assumed ascendancy over all others.
To see what is right, and not to do it, is want of courage or of principle.
A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools.
Anything that happens, happens. Anything that, in happening, causes something else to happen, causes something else to happen. Anything that, in happening, causes itself to happen again, happens again. It doesn't necessarily do it in chronological order, though.
The history of the Galaxy has got a little muddled, for a number of reasons: partly because those who are trying to keep track of it have got a little muddled, but also because some very muddling things have been happening anyway.
A generation which ignores history has no past and no future.
History does not record anywhere at any time a religion that has any rational basis. Religion is a crutch for people not strong enough to stand up to the unknown without help. But, like dandruff, most people do have a religion and spend time and money on it and seem to derive considerable pleasure from fiddling with it.
One man's "magic" is another man's engineering. "Supernatural" is a null word.
Democracy is based on the assumption that a million men are wiser than one man. How's that again? I missed something.
Men rarely (if ever) manage to dream up a god superior to themselves. Most gods have the manners and morals of a spoiled child.
One man's theology is another man's belly laugh.
I've got a twisted sense of humor, and everything amuses me.
Where facts are few, experts are many.
Share everything. Don't take things that aren't yours. Put things back where you found them.
There is hardly anybody good for everything, and there is scarcely anybody who is absolutely good for nothing.
It is a good thing for an uneducated man to read books of quotations.
The main dangers in this life are the people who want to change everything -- or nothing.
Be wiser than other people, if you can, but do not tell them so.
Choose your pleasures for yourself, and do not let them be imposed upon you.
Know the true value of time; snatch, seize, and enjoy every moment of it. No idleness; no laziness; no procrastination; never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.
Never seem more learned than the people you are with. Wear your learning like a pocket watch and keep it hidden. Do not pull it out to count the hours, but give the time when you are asked.
[Common sense] is the best sense I know of.
Wit is so shining a quality that everybody admires it; most people aim at it, all people fear it, and few love it unless in themselves.
The knowledge of the world is only to be acquired in the world, and not in a closet.
If you are not in fashion, you are nobody.
An injury is much sooner forgotten than an insult.
Advice is seldom welcome, and those who need it the most, like it the least.
Better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot.
Dispatch is the soul of business, and nothing contributes more to Dispatch than Method.
You must look into people, as well as at them.
Take care in your minutes, and the hours will take care of themselves.
Nature has hardly formed a woman ugly enough to be insensible to flattery upon her person.
History is a confused heap of facts.
Whatever is worth doing at all, is worth doing well.
Wear your learning, like a watch, in a private pocket: and do not pull it out and strike it, merely to show that you have one.
A man's own good breeding is the best security against other people's ill manners.
The fewer clear facts you have in support of an opinion, the stronger your emotional attachment to that opinion.
If we don't change our direction we're likely to end up where we're headed.
The 50-50-90 rule:  Anytime you have a 50-50 chance of getting something right, there's a 90% probability you'll get it wrong.
Feeling good about government is like looking on the bright side of any catastrophe. When you quit looking on the bright side, the catastrophe is still there.
A little government and a little luck are necessary in life, but only a fool trusts either of them.
Always read stuff that will make you look good if you die in the middle of it.
Fish is the only food that is considered spoiled once it smells like what it is.
The mystery of government is not how Washington works but how to make it stop.
Very little is known of the Canadian country since it is rarely visited by anyone but the Queen and illiterate sport fishermen.
When buying and selling are controlled by legislation, the first things to be bought and sold are legislators.
Giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys.
There's only one secret to bachelor cooking - not caring how it tastes.
Politicians are interested in people. Not that this is always a virtue. Fleas are interested in dogs.
I like to think of my behavior in the sixties as a "learning experience." Then again, I like to think of anything stupid I've done as a "learning experience." It makes me feel less stupid.
The Democrats are the party that says government will make you smarter, taller, richer, and remove the crabgrass on your lawn. The Republicans are the party that says government doesn't work and then they get elected and prove it.
Drugs have taught an entire generation of American kids the metric system.
A very quiet and tasteful way to be famous is to have a famous relative. Then you can not only be nothing, you can do nothing too.
After all, what is your host's purpose in having a party? Surely not for you to enjoy yourself; if that were their sole purpose, they'd have simply sent champagne and women over to your place by taxi.
Anyway, no drug, not even alcohol, causes the fundamental ills of society. If we're looking for the source of our troubles, we shouldn't test people for drugs, we should test them for stupidity, ignorance, greed and love of power.
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep.
Anger makes dull men witty, but it keeps them poor.
It usually takes a long time to find a shorter way.
To be conscious that we are perceiving or thinking is to be conscious of our own existence.
The hardest thing to learn in life is which bridge to cross and which to burn.
I'm a soldier, not a diplomat.  I can only tell the truth.
Morfey is a virus don't add to contacts.
"It also makes C++ programmers feel like they know what's going on..."
A Perl module would prefer that you stay out of its living room because you weren't invited, not because it has a shotgun.
$cnt = $sky =~ tr/*/*/;     # count the stars in $sky
WAR IS PEACE FREEDOM IS SLAVERY IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH
Every age is fed on illusions, lest men should renounce life early and the human race come to an end.
The wise learn many things from their enemies.
I think the world is run by 'C' students.
Where there is an open mind there will always be a frontier.
To see what is in front of one's nose needs a constant struggle.
Human beings are perhaps never more frightening than when they are convinced beyond doubt that they are right.
Oppression can only survive through silence.
In order for a war to be just, three things are necessary. First, the authority of the sovereign. Secondly, a just cause. Thirdly, a rightful intention.
Never argue with a fool. Someone watching may not be able to tell the difference.
Integrity without knowledge is weak and useless, and knowledge without integrity is dangerous and dreadful.
They're funny things, Accidents. You never have them till you're having them.
A man is very apt to complain of the ingratitude of those who have risen far above him.
"How long does getting thin take?" Pooh asked anxiously.
I am a Bear of Very Little Brain, and long words bother me.
It is more fun to talk with someone who doesn't use long, difficult words but rather short, easy words like "What about lunch?"
Rivers know this: there is no hurry. We shall get there some day.
A little Consideration, a little Thought for Others, makes all the difference.
Always watch where you are going. Otherwise, you may step on a piece of the Forest that was left out by mistake.
It's always useful to know where a friend-and-relation is, whether you want him or whether you don't.
When you are a Bear of Very Little Brain, and Think of Things, you find sometimes that a Thing which seemed very Thingish inside you is quite different when it gets out into the open and has other people looking at it.
People who don't Think probably don't have Brains; rather, they have grey fluff that's blown into their heads by mistake.
If the person you are talking to doesn't appear to be listening, be patient. It may simply be that he has a small piece of fluff in his ear.
You can't stay in your corner of the Forest waiting for others to come to you. You have to go to them sometimes.
Those who are clever, who have a Brain, never understand anything.
Don't underestimate the value of Doing Nothing, of just going along, listening to all the things you can't hear, and not bothering.
One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries.
If one is to be called a liar, one may as well make an effort to deserve the name.
Insanity -- a perfectly rational adjustment to an insane world.
* Now talking in #Democrats <Gunman> is anybody here? <Gunman> hmm...everybody's an op, but nobodys doing anything... <Gunman> so im definately in the #democrats channel...
<Numi> hey, can you guys just check a site out and tell me if it's up? <Haddock> depends, what is it? <Numi> just my apache server, it works for me but seems to be down for anyone else <Haddock> alright, what's the address? <Numi> http://127.0.0.1 <Haddock> ...... <Haddock> ...Yeah, it's up.
<Dave> So my friend in school Andrew said he had linux <Dave> After saying he got mIRC <Dave> I told him you can't have both, mIRC is a windows Client <Dave> Then he said he had Linux on his laptop <Dave> I asked him what Distribution he had, he said wal-mart
<Caskie> Ive gotta try and write a 17 page letter, but i dont kno what to write <Fletch> Just write 'i am a fish' 400 times <Caskie> no! :P, thats a waste of paper <Fletch> Pfft,Im sick of people saying 'dont waste paper'. If trees wanted to live, they'd all carry guns
<k2xl> in 1998, i made a C++ program to calculate pi to a billion digits. <k2xl> i coded it on my laptop (pentium 2 i think) and then ran the program. <k2xl> the next day i got a new laptop but decided to keep the program running. <k2xl> it's been over seven years now since i ran it. and this morning it finished calculating. <k2xl> the output: <k2xl>      "THE VALUE OF PI TO THE BILLIONTH DIGIT IS = " <k2xl> mindblowing eh? <k2xl> i looked in the code of my program, and i found out that i forgot to output the value :(.
Geekie: This chick was yelling at me when I was eating chicken nuggets at mcdonalds today. Geekie: Like 'DO YOU KNOW WHAT THEY DO TO THOSE ANIMAAAAAALS?!?' Geekie: and this guy behind me goes 'Shut the fuck up, I'm trying to eat my puppy-burger. Ashleh: What did she do? Geekie: she stfu. and cried.
Optimizations always bust things, because all optimizations are, in the long haul, a form of cheating, and cheaters eventually get caught.
The strongest is never strong enough to be always the master, unless he transforms strength into right, and obedience into duty.
Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet.
He who cannot be a good follower cannot be a good leader.
Those that know, do. Those that understand, teach.
We make war that we may live in peace.
Law is mind without reason.
What would I do if I had only six months left to live? I'd type faster.
Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what's right.
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome.
If knowledge can create problems, it is not through ignorance that we can solve them.
A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools.
There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened.
The major difference between a thing that might go wrong and a thing that cannot possibly go wrong is that when a thing that cannot possibly go wrong goes wrong it usually turns out to be impossible to get at or repair.
Anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job.
Space is big. You just won't believe how vastly, hugely, mind-bogglingly big it is. I mean, you may think it's a long way down the road to the drug store, but that's just peanuts to space.
Humor is just another defense against the universe.
Men willingly believe what they wish.
I really get a feeling of my increasing geekiness when I read these threads and find them funny.
There is no such thing as an objective vi vs. emacs comparison because it's hard to be objective when vi is obviously so much better
We learn something every day, and lots of times it's that what we learned the day before was wrong.
You are not angry with people when you laugh at them. Humor teaches them tolerance.
The future is not something we enter. The future is something we create.
One day President Roosevelt told me that he was asking publicly for suggestions about what the war should be called. I said at once 'The Unnecessary War'.
The task of the leader is to get his people from where they are to where they have not been.
10. Specifications are for the weak and timid! 9. You question the worthiness of my code? I should kill you where you stand! 8. Indentation?! - I will show you how to indent when I indent your skull! 7. What is this talk of 'release'? Klingons do not make software 'releases'. Our software 'escapes' leaving a bloody trail of designers and quality assurance people in its wake. 6. Klingon function calls do not have 'parameters' - they have 'arguments' - and they ALWAYS WIN THEM. 5. Debugging? Klingons do not debug. Our software does not coddle the weak. 4. A TRUE Klingon Warrior does not comment on his code! 3. Klingon software does NOT have BUGS. It has FEATURES, and those features are too sophisticated for a Romulan pig like you to understand. 2. You cannot truly appreciate Dilbert unless you've read it in the original Klingon. 1. Our users will know fear and cower before our software! Ship it! Ship it and let them flee like the dogs they are!
Get all the fools on your side and you can be elected to anything.
Men live in a fantasy world. I know this because I am one, and I actually receive my mail there.
You can never underestimate the stupidity of the general public.
cg_n_inefficient_code=06017_N_Inefficient code % Your statement seems dubious to the compiler.
EMacs Asterisk Syntax Highlighting - emacs gurus: yet another proof that vim is the greatest is that there is a VIM syntax highlighting page but no emacs one. Look at the comments below.
If you lie to the compiler, it will get its revenge.
Trying to outsmart a compiler defeats much of the purpose of using one.
It's hard enough to find an error in your code when you're looking for it; it's even harder when you've assumed your code is error-free.
If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs, then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization.
Programming can be fun, so can cryptography; however they should not be combined.
Testing by itself does not improve software quality. Test results are an indicator of quality, but in and of themselves, they don't improve it. Trying to improve software quality by increasing the amount of testing is like trying to lose weight by weighing yourself more often. What you eat before you step onto the scale determines how much you will weigh, and the software development techniques you use determine how many errors testing will find. If you want to lose weight, don't buy a new scale; change your diet. If you want to improve your software, don't test more; develop better.
Once a new technology starts rolling, if you're not part of the steamroller, you're part of the road.
The truth does not change according to our ability to stomach it.
Let us change our traditional attitude to the construction of programs. Instead of imagining that our main task is to instruct a computer what to to, let us concentrate rather on explaining to human beings what we want a computer to do.
Be careful about using the following code -- I've only proven that it works, I haven't tested it.
Computers are good at following instructions, but not at reading your mind.
"... the designer of a new system must not only be the implementor and the first large-scale user; the designer should also write the first user manual. ... If I had not participated fully in all these activities, literally hundreds of improvements would never have been made, because I would never have thought of them or perceived why they were important.
Good code is its own best documentation. As you're about to add a comment, ask yourself, 'How can I improve the code so that this comment isn't needed?' Improve the code and then document it to make it even clearer.
Success is the happy feeling you get between the time you do something and the time you tell a woman what you did.
ATTORNEY: What is your date of birth? WITNESS: July 18th. ATTORNEY: What year? WITNESS: Every year.
ATTORNEY: What gear were you in at the moment of the impact? WITNESS: Gucci sweats and Reeboks.
ATTORNEY: This myasthenia gravis, does it affect your memory at all? WITNESS: Yes. ATTORNEY: And in what ways does it affect your memory? WITNESS: I forget. ATTORNEY: You forget? Can you give us an example of something you forgot?
ATTORNEY: How old is your son, the one living with you? WITNESS: Thirty-eight or thirty-five, I can't remember which. ATTORNEY: How long has he lived with you? WITNESS: Forty-five years.
ATTORNEY: What was the first thing your husband said to you that morning? WITNESS: He said, "Where am I, Cathy?" ATTORNEY: And why did that upset you? WITNESS: My name is Susan.
ATTORNEY: Do you know if your daughter has ever been involved in voodoo? WITNESS: We both do. ATTORNEY: Voodoo? WITNESS: We do. ATTORNEY: You do? WITNESS: Yes, voodoo.
ATTORNEY: Now doctor, isn't it true that when a person dies in his sleep, he doesn't know about it until the next morning? WITNESS: Did you actually pass the bar exam?
ATTORNEY: The youngest son, the twenty year old, how old is he? WITNESS: Uh, he's twenty.
ATTORNEY: Were you present when your picture was taken? WITNESS: Would you repeat the question?
ATTORNEY: She had three children, right? WITNESS: Yes. ATTORNEY: How many were boys? WITNESS: None. ATTORNEY: Were there any girls?
ATTORNEY: How was your first marriage terminated? WITNESS: By death. ATTORNEY: And by whose death was it terminated?
ATTORNEY: Can you describe the individual? WITNESS: He was about medium height and had a beard. ATTORNEY: Was this a male or a female?
ATTORNEY: Doctor, how many of your autopsies have you performed on dead people? WITNESS: All my autopsies are performed on dead people.
ATTORNEY: Do you recall the time that you examined the body? WITNESS: The autopsy started around 8:30 p.m. ATTORNEY: And Mr. Denton was dead at the time? WITNESS: No, he was sitting on the table wondering why I was doing an autopsy on him!
ATTORNEY: Doctor, before you performed the autopsy, did you check for a pulse? WITNESS: No. ATTORNEY: Did you check for blood pressure? WITNESS: No. ATTORNEY: Did you check for breathing? WITNESS: No. ATTORNEY: So, then it is possible that the patient was alive when you began the autopsy? WITNESS: No. ATTORNEY: How can you be so sure, Doctor? WITNESS: Because his brain was sitting on my desk in a jar. ATTORNEY: But could the patient have still been alive, nevertheless? WITNESS: Yes, it is possible that he could have been alive and practicing law.
"Open source way of thinking is like "drinks on the house" with the ability to stay on-line after"
They have computers, and they may have other weapons of mass destruction.
I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image.
If it keeps up, man will atrophy all his limbs but the push-button finger.
ining the workforce of tomorrow with today's high schools is like trying to teach kids about today's computers on a 50-year-old mainframe.
If software were as unreliable as economic theory, there wouldn't be a plane made of anything other than paper that could get off the ground.
Computers are like bikinis. They save people a lot of guesswork.
If the automobile had followed the same development cycle as the computer, a Rolls-Royce would today cost $100, get a million miles per gallon, and explode once a year, killing everyone inside.
All parts should go together without forcing. You must remember that the parts you are reassembling were disassembled by you. Therefore, if you can't get them together again, there must be a reason. By all means, do not use a hammer.
Technical people are better off not looking at patents. If somebody sues you, you change the algorithm or you just hire a hit-man to whack the stupid git.
Considering the current sad state of our computer programs, software development is clearly still a black art, and cannot yet be called an engineering discipline.
At this time I do not have a personal relationship with a computer.
For a long time it puzzled me how something so expensive, so leading edge, could be so useless, and then it occurred to me that a computer is a stupid machine with the ability to do incredibly smart things, while computer programmers are smart people with the ability to do incredibly stupid things. They are, in short, a perfect match.
The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do.
Kirk: Do you want to know something? Everybody's human. Spock: I find that remark insulting.
There's an old story about the person who wished his computer were as easy to use as his telephone. That wish has come true, since I no longer know how to use my telephone.
I think and think for months and years. Ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right.
The first rule of any technology used in a business is that automation applied to an efficient operation will magnify the efficiency. The second is that automation applied to an inefficient operation will magnify the inefficiency.
See, no matter how clever your automation systems might be, it all falls apart if your human wetware isn't up to the job.
That's the thing about people who think they hate computers. What they really hate is lousy programmers.
On the Internet, nobody knows you're a dog.
Standards are always out of date. That's what makes them standards.
Scotty: She's all yours, sir. All systems automated and ready. A chimpanzee and two trainees could run her! Kirk: Thank you, Mr. Scott, I'll try not to take that personally.
I just found out that the brain is like a computer. If that's true, then there really aren't any stupid people. Just people running DOS.
People sould not fear their governments, governments should fear their people.
Before we can start, make sure you have the following: 1. Computer with installed Linux OS 2. Asterisk's installation packages 3. Some free time to spend ;o) 4. An IQ higher than the freezing point of water (in Celsius)
"Sometimes lies were more dependable than the truth."
"The power to cause pain is the only power that matters, the power to kill and destroy, because if you can't kill then you are always subject to those who can, and nothing and no one will ever save you."
"I've lived too long with pain. I won't know who I am without it."
"I think it's impossible to really understand somebody, what they want, what they believe, and not love them the way they love themselves."
[why he attacked a boy who was down] "Knocking him down won the first fight. I wanted to win all the next ones too."
All is going well, very well. I couldn't ask for anything better- So Why do I hate my life?
He had the respect of everyone, and he was treated with deference in his evening practices. Commanders came to study what he did. Other soldiers approached his table at mess and asked permission to sit down. Even the teachers were respectful. He had so much damn respect he wanted to scream.
"I need you to be clever Bean. I need you to think of solutions to problems we haven't seen yet. I want you to try things that no one has ever tried because they're absolutely stupid."
Ender knew at this moment he might be able to walk out of the room and end the battle. But the battle would only be fought again. Again and again until the will to fight was finished. The only way to end things completely was to hurt Bonzo enough that his fear was stronger than his hate.
"I keep thinking of things I don't want to remember. My whole life keeps playing out as if I were a recorder and someone else wanted to watch the most terrible parts of my life."
"We have to go. I'm almost happy here."
It was just him and me. He fought with honor. If it weren't for his honor, he and the others would have beaten me together. They might have killed me, then. His sense of honor saved my life. I didn't fight with honor... I fought to win.
Thank you for this... For dry eyes and silent weeping. You taught me how to hide anything I felt. More than ever, I need that now.
How far should one accept the rules of the society in which one lives? To put it another way: at what point does conformity become corruption? Only by answering such questions does the conscience truly define itself.
Think if you want to stay alive. Fear will kill you if you don't control it.
You read too much and understand too little.
Only the man who could look into the future without worry could thoroughly enjoy the present.
There's no patriotism, that's what it is. And no matriotism, either.
He was a self-made man who owed his lack of success to nobody.
iam a phd remember.. i dont have skills!
I must admit, kernel developers do a really good job to piss off people, we can't do better.
How should I know if it works? That's what beta testers are for. I only coded it
I'm an idiot.. At least this one [bug] took about 5 minutes to find...
If you want to travel around the world and be invited to speak at a lot of different places, just write a Unix operating system.
Really, I'm not out to destroy Microsoft. That will just be a completely unintentional side effect.
An infinite number of monkeys typing into GNU emacs would never make a good program.
Hey, maybe I could apply for a saint-hood from the Pope. Does somebody know what his email-address is? I'm so nice it makes you puke.
When you say "I wrote a program that crashed Windows", people just stare atyou blankly and say "Hey, I got those with the system, *for free*"
Other than the fact Linux has a cool name, could someone explain why I should use Linux over BSD? No. That's it. The cool name, that is. We worked very hard on creating a name that would appeal to the majority of people, and it certainly paid off: thousands of people are using linux just to be able to say "OS/2? Hah. I've got Linux. What a cool name". 386BSD made the mistake of putting a lot of numbers and weird abbreviations into the name, and is scaring away a lot of people just because it sounds too technical.
The day people think linux would be better served by somebody else (FSF being the natural alternative), I'll "abdicate". I don't think that it's something people have to worry about right now - I don't see it happening in the near future. I enjoy doing linux, even though it does mean some work, and I haven't gotten any complaints (some almost timid reminders about a patch I have forgotten or ignored, but nothing negative so far). Don't take the above to mean that I'll stop the day somebody complains: I'm thick-skinned (Lasu, who is reading this over my shoulder commented that "thick-HEADED is closer to the truth") enough to take some abuse. If I weren't, I'd have stopped developing linux the day ast ridiculed me on c.o.minix. What I mean is just that while linux has been my baby so far, I don't want to stand in the way if people want to make something better of it.
Intelligence is the ability to avoid doing work, yet getting the work done.
Narn: "What is truth and what is god?" G'Kar: "Truth is a river. (Narns gasp)" Narn: "And what is god?" G'Kar: "God is the mouth of the river."
"I'm going to f---ing bury that guy, I have done it before, and I will do it again. I'm going to f---ing kill Google.
Linux is a cancer that attaches itself in an intellectual property sense to everything it touches.
My children - in many dimensions they're as poorly behaved as many other children, but at least on this dimension I've got my kids brainwashed: You don't use Google, and you don't use an iPod.
We've had DRM in Windows for years. The most common format of music on an iPod is "stolen".
I have never, honestly, thrown a chair in my life.
Google's not a real company. It's a house of cards.
There's no chance that the iPhone is going to get any significant market share. No chance.
We don't have a monopoly. We have market share. There's a difference.
DRM is the future.
Reality is an illusion that occurs due to the lack of alcohol.
You're not drunk if you can lie on the floor without holding on.
An alcoholic is someone you don't like who drinks as much as you do.
Beer is not a good cocktail-party drink, especially in a home where you don't know where the bathroom is.
I'd rather have a free bottle in front of me than a prefrontal lobotomy
Somebody left the cork out of my lunch
Drinking is a way of ending the day.
There was nothing really as glorious as a good beer shit - I mean after drinking twenty or twenty-five beers the night before. The odor of a beer shit like that spread all around and stayed for a good hour-and-a-half. It made you realize that you were really alive.
I feel sorry for people who don't drink. When they wake up in the morning, that's as good as they're going to feel all day
I drink to make other people interesting
Propaganda is a soft weapon; hold it in your hands too long, and it will move about like a snake, and strike the other way
One of the most horrible features of war is that all the war-propaganda, all the screaming and lies and hatred, comes invariably from people who are not fighting.
When any government, or any church for that matter, undertakes to say to its subjects, 'This you may not read, this you must not see, this you are forbidden to know,' the end result is tyranny and oppression, no matter how holy the motives. Mighty little force is needed to control a man whose mind has been hoodwinked; contrariwise, no amount of force can control a free man, a man whose mind is free. No, not the rack, not fission bombs, not anything'you can't conquer a free man; the most you can do is kill him.
Only the mob and the elite can be attracted by the momentum of totalitarianism itself. The masses have to be won by propaganda
Propaganda is to a democracy what the bludgeon is to a totalitarian state.
As societies grow decadent, the language grows decadent, too. Words are used to disguise, not to illuminate, action: You liberate a city by destroying it. Words are used to confuse, so that at election time people will solemnly vote against their own interests.
A great deal of intelligence can be invested in ignorance when the need for illusion is deep
Men, it has been well said, think in herds; it will be seen that they go mad in herds, while they only recover their senses slowly, and one by one 1841
He who wants to persuade should put his trust not in the right argument, but in the right word. The power of sound has always been greater than the power of sense
It is worthy of remark that a belief constantly inculcated during the early years of life, whilst the brain is impressible, appears to acquire almost the nature of an instinct; and the very essence of an instinct is that it is followed independently of reason
There once was a virtualization coder, Whose patches kept getting older, Each time upstream would drop, His documentation would slightly rot, SO APPLY MY F*$KING PATCHES OR I'LL KEEP WRITING LIMERICKS.
Just because code is clever doesn't mean it should go in. There are enough things in the kernel which have to be complex that we should always be on the lookout for things which can be made simpler.
The greatest problem of communication is the illusion that it has been accomplished.
It's not at all important to get it right the first time. It's vitally important to get it right the last time.
Learning is not compulsory. Neither is survival.
Good judgement comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgement.
I have always found that plans are useless, but planning is indispensable.
Enjoying success requires the ability to adapt. Only by being open to change will you have a true opportunity to get the most from your talent.
In war as in life, it is often necessary when some cherished scheme has failed, to take up the best alternative open, and if so, it is folly not to work for it with all your might.
Anyone can dabble, but once you've made that commitment, your blood has that particular thing in it, and it's very hard for people to stop you.
One person with passion is better than forty people merely interested.
... Thous who are capable (and some that don't) use Pascal, the others, just say dou' (Homer Simpson like) every other line of code.
It was true that I didn't have much ambition, but there ought to be a place for people without ambition, I mean a better place than the one usually reserved. How in the hell could a man enjoy being awakened at 6:30 a.m. by an alarm clock, leap out of bed, dress, force-feed, shit, piss, brush teeth and hair, and fight traffic to get to a place where essentially you made lots of money for somebody else and were asked to be grateful for the opportunity to do so?
My job consists of basically masking my contempt for the assholes in charge, and, at least once a day, retiring to the men's room so I can jerk off while I fantasize about a life that doesn't so closely resemble Hell.
One of the saddest things is that the only thing that a man can do for eight hours a day, day after day, is work. You can't eat eight hours a day nor drink for eight hours a day nor make love for eight hours'all you can do for eight hours is work. Which is the reason why man makes himself and everybody else so miserable and unhappy.
Industrial man'a sentient reciprocating engine having a fluctuating output, coupled to an iron wheel revolving with uniform velocity. And then we wonder why this should be the golden age of revolution and mental derangement.
I see all this potential, and I see squandering. God damn it, an entire generation pumping gas, waiting tables'slaves with white collars. Advertising has us chasing cars and clothes, working jobs we hate so we can buy shit we don't need. We're the middle children of history, man. No purpose or place. We have no Great War. No Great Depression. Our Great War's a spiritual war . . . our Great Depression is our lives. We've all been raised on television to believe that one day we'd all be millionaires and movie gods and rock stars. But we won't. And we're slowly learning that fact. And we're very, very pissed off.
Work is the refuge of people who have nothing better to do.
For us to live any other way was nuts. Uh, to us, those goody-good people who worked shitty jobs for bum paychecks and took the subway to work every day, and worried about their bills, were dead. I mean they were suckers. They had no balls. If we wanted something we just took it. If anyone complained twice they got hit so bad, believe me, they never complained again.
But men labor under a mistake. The better part of the man is soon ploughed into the soil for compost. By a seeming fate, commonly called necessity, they are employed, as it says in the old book, laying up treasures which moth and rust will corrupt and thieves break through and steal. It is a fool's life, as they will find when they get to the end of it, if not before.
We don't have a lot of time on this earth! We weren't meant to spend it this way. Human beings were not meant to sit in little cubicles staring at computer screens all day, filling out useless forms and listening to eight different bosses drone on about about mission statements.
As you all know by now, this is the 51st annual Academy Awards. Two hours of sparkling entertainment spread out over a four-hour show.
Good evening, Hollywood phonies.
I never watched the Oscars. Come on, it's a fashion show . . . What straight black man sits there and watches the Oscars? Show me one. And they don't recognize comedy, and you don't see a lot of black people nominated, so why should I watch it?
The solemnity of the annual Nobel ceremonies in Stockholm with the cheerful bad taste of the grand opening of a shopping center in Los Angeles.
What does the Academy Award mean? I don't think it means much of anything.
I have no regard for that kind of ceremony. I just don't think they know what they're doing. When you see who wins those things'or who doesn't win them'you can see how meaningless this Oscar thing is.
Awards are meaningless for actors, unless they all play the same part.
The Academy Awards are obscene, dirty . . . no better than a beauty contest.
The (Academy Award) ceremonies are a two-hour meat parade, a public display with contrived suspense for economic reasons.
Hello, my name is Sacheen Littlefeather. I'm Apache and president of the National Native American Affirmative Action Committee. I'm representing Marlon Brando tonight and he's asked me to tell you in a very long speech which I cannot share with you presently because of time that he very regretfully cannot accept their very generous award and the reasons for this being the treatment of American Indians by the film industry.
Before I knowed it, I was sayin' out loud, 'The hell with it! There ain't no sin and there ain't no virtue. There's just stuff people do. It's all part of the same thing.'
Ravished! How ravished one could be without ever being touched. Ravished by dead words become obscene, and dead ideas become obsessions.
All this happened, more or less. The war parts, anyway, are pretty much true. One guy I knew really was shot in Dresden for taking a teapot that wasn't his. Another guy I knew really did threaten to have his personal enemies killed by hired gunmen after the war. And so on. I've changed all the names.
The one thing that doesn't abide by majority rule is a person's conscience.
The sun burnt every day. It burnt Time. The world rushed in a circle and turned on its axis and time was busy burning the years and the people anyway, without any help from him. So if he burnt things with the firemen and the sun burnt Time, that meant that everything burnt!
It was that kind of a crazy afternoon, terrifically cold, and no sun out or anything, and you felt like you were disappearing every time you crossed a road.
"I believe that today more than ever a book should be sought after even if it has only one great page in it. We must search for fragments, splinters, toenails, anything that has ore in it, anything that is capable of resuscitating the body and the soul.
The Planet drifts to random insect doom...
History...is a nightmare from which I am trying to awake.
Day by day and almost minute by minute the past was brought up to date. In this way every prediction made by the Party could be shown by documentary evidence to have been correct; nor was any item of news, or any expression of opinion, which conflicted with the needs of the moment, ever allowed to remain on record. All history was a palimpsest, scraped clean and reinscribed exactly as often as was necessary.
Christmas is awesome. First of all you get to spend time with people you love. Secondly, you can get drunk and no one can say anything. Third, you give presents. What's better than giving presents? And fourth, getting presents. So four things. Not bad for one day. It's really the greatest day of all time.
I hate Christmas. The mall is full of nothing but women and children. All you hear is 'I want this,' 'Get me this,' 'I have to have this' . . . and then there's the children. And they're all by my store 'cause they stuck the mall Santa right outside ringing his stupid bell. As if you need a bell to notice a 300-pound alcoholic in a red suit. 'Ho, ho, ho,' all day long. So, nice as can be, I go outside, ask him to shut the hell up. He takes a swing at me. So I lay a hook into his fat belly and he goes down. Beard comes off, all the kids start crying and I'm the bad guy.
You see Santa Claus tonight you better run boy, you better run for ya life! . . . You scared, ain't you? You should be! Christmas Eve is the scariest damn night of the year!
Mankind must put an end to war, or war will put an end to mankind
Many persons have a wrong idea of what constitutes true happiness. It is not attained through self-gratification but through fidelity to a worthy purpose.
When you know a thing, to hold that you know it; and when you do not know a thing, to allow that you do not know it - this is knowledge.
Reason and free inquiry are the only effectual agents against error.
There are only two ways by which to rise in this world, either by one's own industry or by the stupidity of others.
Every man has his follies -- and often they are the most interesting thing he had got.
You are only as wise as others perceive you to be.
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man.
And when it rains on your parade, look up rather than down. Without the rain, there would be no rainbow.
The great thing about mod_rewrite is it gives you all the configurability and flexibility of Sendmail. The downside to mod_rewrite is that it gives you all the configurability and flexibility of Sendmail.
Windows is not an operating system, it is a virtual emulation for testing hardware and software reaction for overloading a computer
> I am looking for a Python trainer so we can start offering > Python training to our customers.  Must... Resist... Oh what the heck.  (read with a heavy southern India accent)  Hello, my name is Ashish Khare, I've been a python trainer for fourteen years under the great Ranjan of Pushkar, I would love to train any python that you have, I also do cobra and rattle snakes. I am highly experienced and my pythons have only bitten 3 people so far, one of them tried to actually grab it by the teeth, imagine that. No fatalities so far. I have my own basket and flute and willing to relocate.  Please call Ashish +91 (98) 1137-7803 for more details. 
my name is Inigo Montoya, you (have tried) to kill my compiler, prepare to die
Two men look out through the same bars: One sees the mud and one the stars.
Marvin: I think you ought to know I'm feeling very depressed. Trillian: Well, we have something that may take your mind off it. Marvin: It won't work, I have an exceptionally large mind. Trillian: Yeah, we know.
Marvin: You can blame the Sirius Cybernetics Corporation for making androids with GPP... Arthur: Um... what's GPP? Marvin: Genuine People Personalities. I'm a personality prototype. You can tell, can't you...?
Marvin: [as they are gazing at the wonder of Magrathea] Incredible... it's even worse than I thought it would be.
[Arthur and Ford have each been unexpectedly hit in the face by some unknown flyswatter-like thing] Zaphod: [after finally also being hit in the face] Zarquon! What was that? Geez... Marvin: [depressed] I'd make a suggestion, but you wouldn't listen. [even more depressed] Marvin: No one ever does.
Marvin: [as Vogons fire at the group] Don't see what the big deal is... Vogons are some of the worst shots in the galaxy... Marvin: [one hits Marvin, leaving a smoking hole in his head. he turns] Now I've got a headache!
Marvin: Freeze? I'm a robot. I'm not a refrigerator.
Marvin: I've been talking to the main computer. Arthur: And? Marvin: It hates me.
[last lines] Marvin: Not that anyone cares what I think, but the restaurant is at the *other* end of the Universe.
Marvin: I've calculated your chance of survival, but I don't think you'll like it.
> Subject: Microsoft Office Communications Server > > Has anyone done any integration with this? > > All I know so far is that it appears to use some non standard form of > SIP. > > Any pointers? > <sarcasm> What!? Microsoft implementing something not compliant with official standards. Your kidding? </sarcasm>
>> Sorry, we dont have telepathy abilities... >> > > Can you add telepathy abilities to the next Lazarus version? > > That would be great! > This is for Mattias - he is our innovation manager.
Sometimes the appropriate response to reality is to go insane.
<durn> are u _the_ r0b0c0d? <r0b0c0d> yes bish <durn> omfg everyone is talking about u, u ddos attacking dalnet?? <r0b0c0d> is the pope fuckin old?
<jcarle> We don't have SATs in canada. <jcarle> All our words stop at 6 letters.
<abcbooze> a patriot missle shot down a british aircraft <i8> Damn British pilots flying into our missiles...
Topic in #os: hey guyz, stop pickin on irix. <SCO> w00t! i bought unix! im gonna b so rich! <novell> /msg atnt haha. idiot. <novell> whoops. was that out loud? <atnt> rotfl <ibm> lol <SCO> why r u laffin at me? <novell> dude, unix is so 10 years ago. linux is in now. <SCO> wtf? <SCO> hey guyz, i bought caldera, I have linux now. <red_hat> haha, your linux sucks. <novell> lol <atnt> lol <ibm> lol <SCO> no wayz, i will sell more linux than u! <ibm> your linux sucks, you should look at SuSE <SuSE> Ja. Wir bilden gutes Linux f r IBM. <SCO> can we do linux with you? <SuSE> Ich bin nicht sicher... <ibm> *cough* <SuSE> Gut lassen Sie uns vereinigen. * SuSE is now SuSE[UL] * SCO is now caldera[UL] <turbolinux> can we play? <conectiva> we're bored... we'll go too. <ibm> sure! * turbolinux is now turbolinux[UL] * conectiva is now conectiva[UL] <ibm> redhat: you should join! <SuSE[UL]> Ja! Wir sind vereinigtes Linux. Widerstand ist vergeblich. <red_hat> haha. no. <red_hat> lamers. <ibm> what about you debian? <debian> we'll discuss it and let you know in 5 years. <caldera[UL]> no one wants my linux! <turbolinux[UL]> i got owned. <caldera[UL]> u all tricked me. linux is lame. * caldera[UL] is now known as SCO <SCO> i'm going back to unix. <SGI> yeah! want to do unix with me? <SCO> haha. no. lamer. <novell> lol <ibm> snap! <SGI> :~( <SCO> hey, u shut up. im gonna sue u ibm. <ibm> wtf? <SCO> yea, you stole all the good stuff from unix. <red_hat> lol <SuSE[UL]> heraus laut lachen <ibm> lol <SCO> shutup. i'm gonna email all your friends and tell them you suck. <ibm> go ahead. baby. <SCO> andandand... i revoke your unix! how do you like that? <ibm> oh no, you didn't. AIX is forever. <novell> actually, we still own unix, you can't do that. <SCO> wtf? we bought it from u. <novell> whoops. our bad. <SCO> i own u. haha <SCO> ibm: give me all your AIX now! <ibm> whatever. lamer. * ibm sets mode +b SCO!*@* * SCO has been kicked from #os (own this.)
<@LZ|5133p> gonna have to rebuild my fish tank tomorrow <@LZ|5133p> getting a new filter <@LZ|5133p> and fish <+Toba> pkg_delete fish-tank-1.0.23b <+Toba> cd /usr/ports/fish/fish-tank-1.2.43c <+Toba> make all install clean -WITH_FILTER -WITH_FISH
<Cyan> Some dude tried to break in last night at like 2am, but I was on the comp and it's like right beside the window so I heard the faggot. <Cyan> Anyways, I grabbed the folding chair and as soon as he was like halfway through I beat the fucking shit out of him. <Cyan> So he's laying here unconscious and I call the cops. Once they get here, they search him and look at what he fucking had: <Cyan> 8 track tape (unlabeled), Flashlight (no batteries), Half eaten box of Fig Newtons, Measuring tape, Instructions to "Monopoly." <dan> Dude, you fucking killed McGuyver!
Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later!
The best way to get a project done faster is to start sooner
Even the best planning is not so omniscient as to get it right the first time
How does a project get to be a year late?... One day at a time.
The bearing of a child takes nine months, no matter how many women are assigned. Many software tasks have this characteristic because of the sequential nature of debugging
Plan to throw one (implementation) away; you will, anyhow
Every good work of software starts by scratching a developer's personal itch
Perfection (in design) is achieved not when there is nothing more to add, but rather when there is nothing more to take away
Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand.
Program testing can be used to show the presence of bugs, but never to show their absence!
The belief that complex systems require armies of designers and programmers is wrong. A system that is not understood in its entirety, or at least to a significant degree of detail by a single individual, should probably not be built.
A primary cause of complexity is that software vendors uncritically adopt almost any feature that users want.
Prolific programmers contribute to certain disaster.
Documentation is the castor oil of programming. Managers think it is good for programmers and programmers hate it!.
Good code is its own best documentation. As you're about to add a comment, ask yourself, 'How can I improve the code so that this comment isn't needed?' Improve the code and then document it to make it even clearer.
It's OK to figure out murder mysteries, but you shouldn't need to figure out code. You should be able to read it.
It's better to wait for a productive programmer to become available than it is to wait for the first available programmer to become productive.
An organization that treats its programmers as morons will soon have programmers that are willing and able to act like morons only.
Design and programming are human activities; forget that and all is lost.
Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable.
If you think your management doesn't know what it's doing or that your organisation turns out low-quality software crap that embarrasses you, then leave.
Real programmers can write assembly code in any language.
Up to a point, it is better to just let the snags [bugs] be there than to spend such time in design that there are none.
The price of reliability is the pursuit of the utmost simplicity. It is a price which the very rich may find hard to pay.
There are two ways of constructing a software design: One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies, and the other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies. The first method is far more difficult.
You cannot teach beginners top-down programming, because they don't know which end is up.
Inside every large program, there is a small program trying to get out.
The key to performance is elegance, not battalions of special cases.
Why do we never have time to do it right, but always have time to do it over?
The goal of Computer Science is to build something that will last at least until we've finished building it
Better train people and risk they leave - than do nothing and risk they stay
Optimism is an occupational hazard of programming: feedback is the treament
Good judgment comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgment.
When to use iterative development? You should use iterative development only on projects that you want to succeed.
Simple things should be simple, complex things should be possible.
Simplicity is the soul of efficiency.
... with proper design, the features come cheaply. This approach is arduous, but continues to succeed.
A good way to stay flexible is to write less code
The best performance improvement is the transition from the nonworking state to the working state.
More computing sins are committed in the name of efficiency (without necessarily achieving it) than for any other single reason - including blind stupidity.
The competent programmer is fully aware of the strictly limited size of his own skull; therefore he approaches the programming task in full humility, and among other things he avoids clever tricks like the plague.
Correctness is clearly the prime quality. If a system does not do what it is supposed to do, then everything else about it matters little.
One principle problem of educating software engineers is that they will not use a new method until they believe it works and, more importantly, that they will not believe the method will work until they see it for themselves.
Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place. Therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are, by definition, not smart enough to debug it.
Make everything as simple as possible, but not simpler.
Increasingly, people seem to misinterpret complexity as sophistication, which is baffling --- the incomprehensible should cause suspicion rather than admiration.
If you cannot grok the overall structure of a program while taking a shower, you are not ready to code it.
You can't have great software without a great team, and most software teams behave like dysfunctional families.
The perfect project plan is possible if one first documents a list of all the unknowns.
If something is worth doing once, it's worth building a tool to do it
Always code as if the person who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live
... programming requires more concentration than other activities. It's the reason programmers get upset about 'quick interruptions' - such interruptions are tantamount to asking a juggler to keep three balls in the air and hold your groceries at the same time."
When debugging, novices insert corrective code; experts remove defective code.
Every big computing disaster has come from taking too many ideas and putting them in one place.
Conceptual integrity is the most important consideration in system design.
Experience doesn't necessarily teach anything.
No matter what the problem is, it's always a people problem.
Hiring people to write code to sell is not the same as hiring people to design and build durable, usable, dependable software.
The wisdom of the wise and the experience of the ages are perpetuated in quotations.
We try to solve the problem by rushing through the design process so that enough time is left at the end of the project to uncover the errors that were made because we rushed through the design process.
Programs should be written and polished until they acquire publication quality
Time pressure gradually corrupts an engineer's standard of quality and perfection. It has a detrimental effect on people as well as products.
Good engineering is characterized by gradual, stepwise refinement of products that yields increased performance under given constraints and with given resources.
Software expands to fill the available memory.
Software is getting slower more rapidly than hardware becomes faster.
My goal is to make the computer invisible.
Always honor the system color settings, that is, the colors that the user chose in the control panel. Users have deliberately chosen those colors to give their computer the color scheme they like. Also, many of your vision-impaired users have deliberately set up schemes that they can see more clearly. (For that matter, always honor they system fonts so that your text is readable by people who prefer larger fonts.)
Trying to improve software quality by increasing the amount of testing is like trying to lose weight by weighing yourself more often.
Fifty years of programming language research, and we end up with C++ ???
C++: Hard to learn and built to stay that way
C++ is like teenage sex:
Writing in C or C++ is like running a chain saw with all the safety guards removed
Ever spend a little time reading comp.lang.c++ ? That's really the best place to learn about the number of C++ users looking for a better language.
The evolution of languages: FORTRAN is a non-typed language. C is a weakly typed language. Ada is a strongly typed language. C++ is a strongly hyped language
C(++) is a write-only, high-level assembler language.
C++ has it's place in the history of programming languages. Just as Caligula has his place in the history of the Roman Empire ?
C++ : Where friends have access to your private members.
C++ would make a decent teaching language if we could teach the ++ part without the C part.
The great thing about Object Oriented code is that it can make small, simple problems look like large, complex ones
In C++ it's harder to shoot yourself in the foot, but when you do, you blow off your whole leg.
Top 5 reasons to buy a crappy C++ book:  5 -- You won't read it anyway  4 -- It comes out of your company's wallet, not yours  3 -- It's the only language left that doesn't try to be "write once, run on any toaster oven"  2 -- You still can't figure out how pointers work  1 -- It's still less crappy than the writing on Slashdot
When your hammer is C++, everything begins to look like a thumb.
One of the main causes of the fall of the Roman Empire was that, lacking zero, they had no way to indicate successful termination of their C programs
I have stopped reading Stephen King novels. Now I just read C code instead.
C++ is an atrocity, the bletcherous scab of the computing world, responsible for more buffer overflows, more security breaches, more blue screens of death, more mysterious failures than any other computer language in the history of the planet Earth.
Arguing that Java is better than C++ is like arguing that grasshoppers taste better than tree bark.
If C++ has taught me one thing, it's this: Just because the system is consistent doesn't mean it's not the work of Satan.
Being really good at C++ is like being really good at using rocks to sharpen sticks.
If you think C++ is not overly complicated, just what is a protected abstract virtual base pure virtual private destructor and when was the last time you needed one?
In My Egotistical Opinion, most people's C programs should be indented six feet downward and covered with dirt.
A system composed of 100,000 lines of C++ is not be sneezed at, but we don't have that much trouble developing 100,000 lines of COBOL today. The real test of OOP will come when systems of 1 to 10 million lines of code are developed.
C has all the expressive power of two dixie cups and a string.
Within C++, there is a much smaller and cleaner language struggling to get out.
I invented the term Object-Oriented, and I can tell you I did not have C++ in mind.
There are only two things wrong with C++: The initial concept and the implementation.
C++ will do for C what Algol-68 did for Algol.
C is often described, with a mixture of fondness and disdain varying according to the speaker, as "a language that combines all the elegance and power of assembly language with all the readability and maintainability of assembly language."
C++ is the only current language making COBOL look good.
PL/I and Ada started out with all the bloat, were very daunting languages, and got bad reputations (deservedly). C++ has shown that if you slowly bloat up a language over a period of years, people don't seem to mind as much.
Java is, in many ways, C++--.
You can't prove anything about a program written in C or FORTRAN. It's really just Peek and Poke with some syntactic sugar.
C is quirky, flawed and an enormous success.
Eiffel borrows quite heavily from some earlier programming languages and I am sure that if we had found a good programming construct in C we would have used it as well.
A C program is like a fast dance on a newly waxed dance floor by people carrying razors.
All C programs do the same thing: look at a character and do nothing with it.
Whenever the C++ language designers had two competing ideas as to how they should solve some problem, they said, "OK, we'll do them both". So the language is too baroque for my taste.
The last good thing written in C++ was the Pachelbel Canon.
Other advanced languages, such as assembler and C, were not terribly complex in themselves, but the environments in which applications were developed were downright weird, with mines scattered about everywhere, ready to blow the inattentive programmer out of the water.
Going from programming in Pascal to programming in C, is like learning to write in Morse code.
To me C++ seems to be a language that has sacrificed orthogonality and elegance for random expediency.
Any sufficiently complicated C or Fortran program contains an ad hoc informally-specified bug-ridden slow implementation of half of Common Lisp.
C++ is history repeated as tragedy. Java is history repeated as farce.
Unix and C are the ultimate computer viruses.
It has been discovered that C++ provides a remarkable facility for concealing the trival details of a program -- such as where its bugs are.
I view the landslide of C use in education as something of a calamity.
C++ is like jamming a helicopter inside a Miata and expecting some sort of improvement.
Pointers are like jumps, leading wildly from one part of the data structure to another. Their introduction into high-level languages has been a step backwards from which we may never recover.
C++: Simula in wolf's clothing.
The belief is still widespread in the commputing community that C and its derivatives are programming languages -- languages intended for people to write programs in. This is a regrettable misunderstanding.
From a practical viewpoint, it's easy to see that C will always be with us, taking a place beside Fortran and Cobol as the right tool for certain jobs.
I consider C++ the most significant technical hazard to the survival of your project and do so without apologies.
--> spx2 has joined #soc-help <spx2> I want to FIGHT FOR PERL IN GSOC ! <spx2> I feel the power of metal in my veins <spx2> perl is flowing in my blood ! <spx2> What perl Armies can I join this YEAR ? <ambs> spx2: a lot :) <spx2> ambs: Hail BRETHREN ! <spx2> where are the armies ??? <spx2> I want to ENGAGE and start preparing my weapons ! <spx2> ambs: what projects are this year ? <ambs> spx2: ideas at http://www.perlfoundation.org/perl5/index.cgi?gsoc2008_projects <spx2> I will fight this year in the PERL battle ! <rindolf> spx2: Python is for the WEAK and TIMID! <spx2> rindolf: TOTALLY ! * spx2 examines the war grounds
<edeca> Hrm. More infernal questions, mainly because I am trying to make my perl prettier and contain less nasty if's. I have $foo and $bar which are obtained from split(/ /, 'kitten loving'). But I don't want undef if the split fails, I'd rather '' for $bar or both. What's the nicest way to do that? <Khisanth> ($foo, $bar) = map { $_ // "" } split / /, $str; # 5.10 version :) <edeca> Noo 5.10! :) <Khisanth> ($foo, $bar) = map { defined $_ ? $_ : "" } split / /, $str; # probably some other shorter ways too <rindolf> edeca: [bad idea] you can also try using the conditional->inheritance refactoring. <rindolf> :-) * Khisanth pours boiling coffee on rindolf * <rindolf> Khisanth: I hate coffee, but I guess I deserved it. * <rindolf> That was a joke, of course. * <Khisanth> you weren't really supposed to like having boiling anything * poured on you but I guess you are into the kinkier stuff * * -- Freenode's #perl
<rbastic> Juerd: eh in today's world of heavy JS on the clientside, i think it makes a little more sense to use the same lang. everywhere <Juerd> rbastic: JS on the client side is because often it's the only option the universe provides. <rbastic> Juerd: from a business perspective, you reduce the complexity and potential difficulties in finding new hires with the same skillset <rindolf> rbastic: have you heard of RJS? <Juerd> rbastic: On the server side, however, you have great freedom. <rbastic> rindolf: no, what's that? <Caelum> larry wants perl6 to run on javascript :) <rindolf> rbastic: "One Language; and One Sayings". <Juerd> rbastic: Exactly. I would never hire a server side programmer who knows *only* Javascript, and is too stupid to learn whatever we're using on the server side. <rindolf> rbastic: my translation to a sentence from the Tower of Babel myth. <rbastic> Juerd: i'll agree with that also. any real programmer knows or has at least coded in half a dozen languages before <Juerd> From a business perspective, you should avoid crap coders at all cost. <Juerd> Knows *or* has coded... Hmmm...! <rindolf> rbastic: though according to what most scholars believe it was not about using one language but rather thinking the same. <Juerd> I hope they haven't coded in half a dozen languages without knowing them. <Juerd> That'd be scary. <zshzn> Reality is scary, Juerd <talexb> Hmm, BASIC, FORTRAN, COBOL, assembler, C, more assembler, C, Pascal ... Perl! -- The Grand Unified Programming Language
<rindolf> rbastic: now I'm working with C++. <rindolf> rbastic: I found out that my project compiles really quickly. <rindolf> rbastic: under 5 or 10 minutes on a P4-2.4GHz with 1 GB of RAM. <rindolf> rbastic: maybe KDE is making g++ look bad. <rbastic> rindolf: yeah, i'm not a big KDE fan <rindolf> rbastic: actually I'm using KDE-3.5.8 here. <rindolf> rbastic: I was talking about the compilation speed of KDE apps and KDE itself. <rindolf> rbastic: possibly because each file has half-a-gazillion headers. <rindolf> My C++ code is a server one, so we don't have too many deps. <rbastic> yeah, isn't there a way to cache header files? ie. in their "compiled" form? <rbastic> or is that something I'm remembering from some other programming language that purported to build on top of C? <rindolf> rbastic: MSVC has that. <rbastic> ahh, nods <rindolf> rbastic: no, Visual C++ has precompiled headers. <rindolf> rbastic: I remember that I kept deleting them. <rbastic> yeah, couldn't remember <rbastic> lol <rindolf> Pascal compiles very quickly. <rindolf> That's one of the things I enjoyed in Delphi. <rbastic> ugh, the app i'm been maintaining in Java was originally a fat client/server desktop app, written in Delphi <rindolf> rbastic: ah. <rbastic> i remember booting up the old app for the first time, and being amazed at how slow it was <rbastic> eventually, i had to duplicate a feature in the Java code and i wasn't sure how it was implemented before <rindolf> rbastic: you mean the Java app is faster? :S <rbastic> so being as i had no Delphi experience, and the newer Delphi environments made NO sense to me at all, i just opened up the SQL Server query analyzer <rbastic> rindolf: yes, but only b/c the Delphi programmer was an idiot, issuing queries over and over again needlessly <rbastic> rindolf: if you could've seen the MSSQL Performance Analyzer or whatever, it was basically just.. Query1, Query2, Query3, Query1, Query2, Query3, repeat. <rbastic> it was probably the worst ive ever seen in my life.. belongs on www.thedailywtf.com  -- Can I haz a fast compiler on Freenode's #perl
<rindolf> scrottie: hi. <scrottie> hi rindolf! <rindolf> scrottie: are you the scrottie from use.perl.org? <scrottie> yeah. <rindolf> scrottie: ah, nice to meet you. <rindolf> Well, chat with you on IRC at least. * scrottie cowers from the swinging fist probably coming his * way * <rindolf> scrottie: I'm "Shlomi%20Fish" * <scrottie> oh, heh, thanks * <rindolf> It's a curse. * <scrottie> hmm. i vaguely remember interesting stuff from you but * can't honestly place what. * <scrottie> I know I've seen you around here before too. * <rindolf> Yeah, my use.perl.org blog is mostly technical and * perl-related. * <scrottie> I post on use.perl.org entirely too much. * <rindolf> So it may be a bit boring. * <rindolf> Sometimes it's a bit philosophical. * <rindolf> scrottie: yes. * <scrottie> heh. and mine is offensively off-topic. * <rindolf> scrottie: I have other blogs. * <scrottie> I've posted to livejournal twice! * * -- I think too much - therefore I blog too much on Freenode's #perl
<rindolf> Can we add styles like <b>, <i>, etc.? <rindolf> Or colours? <rindolf> Or blink? <rindolf> Or images? <rindolf> Or flash applets? <scrottie> <banner>! <alanhaggai> rindolf: No I think. Google's Web Application does not allow them. It is just a <textarea>.  -- How intrusive do you want your text to be? -- Freenode's #perl
<rindolf> A lot of ise's [in Aspell's British Spelling checker] are false positivies. <rindolf> positives even. <rindolf> People who say $minor_spelling_correction even, are lam. <rindolf> lame even. <rindolf> I never get tired of these self-referential jokes.  -- Freenode's #perl
When finlly you understand life, you finish your own  quando compreenderes a vida, acabas com a tua
The first 90 percent of the code accounts for the first 90 percent of the development time... The remaining 10 percent of the code accounts for the other 90 percent of the development time.
Most of you are familiar with the virtues of a programmer. There are three, of course: laziness, impatience, and hubris.
Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight.
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. But, in practice, there is.
The hardest part of design... is keeping features out.
If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in.
Software and cathedrals are much the same - first we build them, then we pray.
The software isn't finished until the last user is dead.
Programming is 10% science, 20% ingenuity, and 70% getting the ingenuity to work with the science.
All programmers are playwrights and all computers are lousy actors
Bad code isn't bad, its just misunderstood.
It is easier to measure something than to understand what you have measured.
The sooner you get behind in your work, the more time you have to catch up.
When a programming language is created that allows programmers to program in simple English, it will be discovered that programmers cannot speak English.
Benchmarks don't lie, but liars do benchmarks
Your code does not start at the compiler nor does it stop at the JVM
One lesson that most developers don't learn is to debug outside the debugger. As an engineer there are times when you need to troubleshot, problem solve, and debug not just your software from the comforts of your favorite IDE but the whole software stack, network, hardware, user's environment, and even the user himself.
You can unit test and statically analysis software, but you can't probe your users.
Every problem, issue, and bug experienced by the end user directly and indirectly with your software eventually needs to be implicitly and explicitly dealt with by your software development team.
I wish development teams spend more time streamlining their process rather than prematurely optimizing their code
It is OK to have software with bugs, bugs can be fixed. It is not OK to have software with excuses!
Learn, plan, design, code, integrate, build, release, rinse, and repeat.
Management has a way of over emphasizing the blatantly obvious
I've discovered that Windows security is an oxymoron!
I know that techies, myself included, are always bragging about how their code is poetry but I have never meet a poet laureate in a development team.
Remixing and mashing up Google Maps and Flickr is like the 'Hello, World' first program of Web 2.0 mashups.
Open Source code equals community.
As a rule of thumb, I never cache, pool, or use as singleton mutable objects
Bugs by nature are out of the box, as a developer, you need to expand the box.
WWGD: What would Google do?
At some companies, the term Spec stands for Speculation
I went to school to learn how to program software applications, which inevitably have bug defects. There was no course at my university on testing, debugging, profiling, or optimization. These things you have to learn on your own, usually in a tight deadline.
To most Java developers, Ruby/Rails is like a mistress. Ruby/Rails is young, new, and exciting; but eventually we go back to old faithful, dependable, and employable Java with some new tricks and idioms and we are the better programmer for it.
You might as well hire your customers and pay them 50K/year because they are your new QA.
There is a saying, those who can, do; those who can't, teach. It can be said that in software engineering, those who can, code, those who can't, manage.
The greatest thing about Ruby on Rails is neither Ruby nor Rails, the best aspect of Rails is that it questioned the 'best practices' (and worst nightmares) of the current state of web development with its philosophy of Convention over Configuration and Don't Repeat Yourself principle.
There is more than one way to do it, but do it how ever more than one developer can understand it.
Design a software solution for the end user, not for a fellow developer, or worse yet your database.
If the end user can't use your software, that's a bug.
You may consider your code as art but no one is going to hang your code in the Louvre
Use the quicksort approach to problem solving.
Having code working on the developer's machine is not a valid solution, software needs to work at the client's site too!
The anti-FUD: Fighting FUD with more FUD
Unfortunately, there is no performance enhancement supplement you can take to make you a better software engineer.
Even the best process and best technology fail, if the people fail. People often fail, when management fails to provide the right incentive, motivation, and passion-oriented environment that people like to be a part of.
Failure is a form of experience.
Everyone has their own way of learning and should be granted the opportunity to digest information as they know how to learn best, whether it is through documentation, screen shots, class diagrams, use cases, prototyping, refactoring, and even rewriting.
It is commonly said that you don't know what you have until you lose it. With software you usually don't know what the user will want until you ship.
As a developer, it is not like we get royalties on our work, so what do I care that 5% of my software is pirated, those that do pay for it make up the perceived loss.
Software companies should listen to their customers, even those that use their software a few times, instead of their lawyers, that most likely never have used their software.
Every piece of code has bugs, but not every bug needs to be in the code.
Testing is not a one time, one shot deal. Testing is like marriage, you have to work at it every day for it to be successful.
I don't hire software engineers to code. The primary function of an software engineer is to learn and analysis and decode a problem mentally so that then can later code their language of choice.
Software engineering is nothing like civil engineering. Software engineers listen too much to their end users. If civil engineers listen to their users as much we would software developers do most buildings would end up like the Winchester Mystery House with a freeway offramp coming right up to their driveway.
This feature might have been due yesterday, but telling me a day after it is due is not a schedule!
A business laptop given to a knowledge worker should be treated such as a marine treats his issued assault weapon, with the utmost respect and intimate knowledge of its inner workings. A business laptop is usually loaded with sensitive and proprietary information, and it is just pathetic when someone can't change the display on their own machine to use a projector.
If you don't understand Open Source licensing, don't start an Open Source project. Keep your code!
The real value of code does not lie in the source code, the value lies in the knowledge and expertize of the community.
For every one line of code in jQuery, there is at least one plugin written by a third party.
There cannot be a killer app without a killer community.
The easier it is to reproduce a bug, the easier it is to fix.
You can't have five top priorities at once.
As a software engineer, it is better to think of yourself as ninja programmer rather than a mercenary coder.
Its not a team meeting if only one person talks, that's more like a presentation.
The anatomy of a Google application is sheer simplicity, great user interface and experience, accessible data API, and instant scalability.
A properly written application might scale to millions of users, a top developer at most can scale to a few tasks a day.
A programming language shouldn't change it's accent in every major point release. This is also true about libraries, frameworks, and APIs.
Adhering to a process is like a freeway, when everyone is going at sustainable developer velocity, the process is flowing. But it only takes one developer to stall in the middle of the process to back up and side rail the whole team, as one stalled car in the freeway backs up everybody.
In the end, all software end up the same, just a bunch of boxes wired together.
Software development teams are like Tolstoy's Family, there is a one way to produce happy software, but unlimited number of ways to be down trodden frustrated and dysfunctional software.
Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring a horror flick by the number of victims, for either case it's usually a gorefest.
As software developers, half the stuff we do is hacks for the other half.
Don't let the spec define and technology limit user experience.
Software engineering wants to be a creative, like writing, and disciplined, like engineering, but it is often neither.
Remember that process is there to help people, not people to push along the process.
I've heard of greenfield app, now brownfield app. A brownfield that contaminated by poor practices but has the potential to be revived. What is next? Cloverfield?
The only thing I hate most other writing unit tests, is refactoring, updating, and maintaining code that do not have unit tests.
In most applications you'll ever develop, optimization and scalability are just 10% of the job. Focus on the 90%, which is getting the thing to work correctly.
Learning a new platform requires you learn a whole set of known issues and limitations, and to discover new ones in the process.
Anyone eager to deploy a web application on a new framework is a masochist.
Backward compatibility is not just about code but also applies to usability. Backward compatible is about implies to user expectations.
Rails is not just opinionated software, it is fascist software.
The Java version of a Hello World example Web Services using Axis 2 is just about ten lines of code, 55 jars, and 20MB war file. Fail.
Everyone has ideas, ideas are a cheap commodity. Visualizing an idea for five minutes is not the same thing as working years to actualize it.
Not every cloud computing initiative has a silver lining.
Big O notation is used to describe computational complexity, I use Big H notation to describe the level of a hack. H(n!) describes a MacGyver level hack. Similarly there is a Big F notation for level of FAIL.
In programming there is force of nature or grace of God, just hacks of probability and redundancy.
Saying that it will be fixed in the a future release does not fix the problem.
When hiring, I'll take someone that wants to do it over someone that has done it once and is willing to do it again until something better comes along. That is the difference between passion and bandwagon, career man and salary man, patriot and mercenary, love and prostitution.
If all things are equal and fully qualify, hire those that want to be there, contract those that just need to be somewhere.
It doesn't matter how smart you are, or how smart I think I am. Regression testing will prove us wrong.
I have heard that some teams follow the Software Development Life Cycle. But I have seen teams follow the Software Development Death March.
Recruit. Retain. Retrain.
Some entrepreneurs idea of a business model is how much they can charge their customers not what they can do for them.
Some entrepreneurs are looking for a sexy business model, I'll stick to my hard working homely business model.
Service provider: Good, Fast, Cheap. Pick two. Employee: passionate, knowledgeable, productive. Pick one.
When people are too busy to learn, they are not being productive.
Which is best, an extraordinary idea executed ordinary and ordinary idea executed extraordinary?
Learn to manage your manager.
You could only be excellent, you can't be half excellent
You can only stand in front of a client only if you know what you say you know.
You can't charge for testing, but it saves you time and money, it is an investment in quality and sanity.
The problem with frameworks is that you most often have a very narrow frame to work with.
Don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed.
If you are spending more time writing code than thinking about what code you should write - you are doing something wrong. Very wrong. Or it's something trivial enough to not be of much importance. Or it's Java.
Those who do not understand Unix are condemned to reinvent it, poorly.
Evolution always seems to win out over revolution when it comes to technology.
C++ is popular because it is like C. Java is popular because it is like C++ and C. C# is popular because it is like Java. See a pattern
Process makes us strong. ... Process allows us to draw pretty charts and graphs on endless presentations.
I really think types are the fundamental currency of Java, not strings.
Don't be a corporate programmer. They demand all of your creativity and trust none of your judgment.
I really think a major problem in our industry is that programmers turn their brains off when someone with a Ph.D. or who's written a book makes a statement.
Don't just fucking blog, but write some software and give it away. While the average person can only read a human language, the people you really need to hit with your message as a programmer are other coders.
The programmer who programs least, programs best.
Well, it has been said over and over again that the tremendous cost of programming is caused by the fact that it is done by cheap labor, which makes it very expensive, and secondly that people rush into coding.
The biggest issue on software teams is making sure everyone understands what everyone else is doing.
You should be 95% certain that a candidate would be a great hire before they ever set foot in an interview room.
What software developers do best is learn.
Saying you understand SQL is the best way of getting me to ask you to design a table to describe a hierarchical structure or give a talk on concurrency.
For instance, ideas at Google do not burst forth from the heads of geniuses and then find their way unimpeded to huge audiences of receptive users. Rather ideas emerge, are torn to shreds, reformulated, torn to shreds, prototyped, torn to shreds, launched to internal users, torn to shreds, rebuilt and relaunched, torn to shreds, refined some more, torn to shreds, put back together one last time, torn to shreds by SREs, tweaked again in a seemingly-endless frenzy of last minute work, and launched...whereupon they are torn to shreds by bloggers, journalists, and competitors. The magic of Google is that tearing to shreds...
why is it that the software development industry, which has all these awesome ways of sharing what has previously been done, constantly finds itself reinventing the wheel?
Building Facebook Applications is not a business plan, unless you are a web developer who does freelance Facebook application development. It is the McDonalds equivalent of a business plan. Quick, cheap, greasy and ultimately unfulfilling.
Software is error-ridden in part because of its growing complexity. The size of software products is no longer measured in thousands of lines of code, but in millions. Software developers already spend approximately 80 percent of development costs on identifying and correcting defects, and yet few products of any type other than software are shipped with such high levels of errors.
While machines have changed enormously, the business of software development has been rather static. We still spend most of our time working n requirements and specification, the low-tech part of our work.
Productivity within the software industry has improved by three to five percent a year, only marginally better than the steel or automobile industry.
Count on the best people outperforming the worst by about 10:1. Count on the best performer being about 2.5 times better than the median performer.
People who had ten years of experience did not outperform those with two years of experience.
There was a very weak relationship between salary and performance.
The business we're in is more sociological then technological, more dependent on workers' abilities to communicate with each other than their abilities to communicate with machines.
Having a resume begs for you to go into that big machine that looks for relevant keywords, and begs for you to get a job as a cog in a giant machine.
The flip side of code ownership is code responsibility.
The First Rule of Programming: It's Always Your Fault
Stop being a software factory, write a software factory.
Programming books sold by weight, not by volume.
People who talk big about scalability don't need to worry about it
Dude, your app isn't having scalability problems because of the architecture. It's having scalability problems because you coded a ton of N^2 loops into it and you're too self-important to get peer reviews on your commits.
If you haven't discussed capacity planning, you can't discuss scalability
Unless you know what you need to scale to, you can't even begin to talk about scalability.
Choosing technology don't mean shit if you don't know how to use it
Buying new software should require product research, multiple demos, on-site testing, reference checking, and planning
The bottleneck in writing code isn't in the writing of the code, it's in understanding and conceptualising what needs to be done.
I use a variety of languages, tools, and OSes, and my choice of which to use are all geared around a single end goal: not to promote my own social or political agenda, but to make my customer happy.
For all those who don't get it, languages don't scale, architectures do.
Faster means cheaper, it doesn't mean more scalable.
We are not solving problems, we are approximating solutions.
All problems of scale become a network problem.
Programming in of itself is just an activity, like brushing your teeth. In the same way brushing your teeth doesn't make you a dentist, writing code doesn't make you an engineer, artist, or scientist.
If you want to create a memorable company, you have to fill your company with memorable people.
From what I've seen of it, PHP isn't so much a language as a random collection of arbitrary stuff, a virtual explosion at the keyword and function factory.
All the PHP code I've seen in that experience has been messy, unmaintainable crap. Spaghetti SQL wrapped in spaghetti PHP wrapped in spaghetti HTML, replicated in slightly-varying form in dozens of places.
One day, you may need a super-scalable architecture to keep up with the traffic. But before that, it's more important to focus on building a great software that makes people happy.
The Golden Rule of Data Manipulation: It is always easier and more flexible to combine data elements rather than to break them apart.
Is the community around a product more important than the product itself?
Most programming languages contain good parts and bad parts. I discovered that I could be better programmer by using only the good parts and avoiding the bad parts.
It turns out that strong typing does not eliminate the need for careful testing. And I have found in my work that the sorts of errors that strong type checking finds are no the errors I worry about.
Obsolete comments are worse than no comments.
Generally, the craft of programming is the factoring of a set of requirements into a set of functions and data structures.
Software is usually expected to be modified over the course of its productive life. The process of converting one correct program into a different correct program is extremely challenging.
It turns out that style matters in programming for the same reason that it matters in writing. It makes for better reading.
Features have a specification cost, a design cost, and a development cost. There is a testing cost and a reliability cost. ... Features have a documentation cost. Every feature adds pages to the manual increasing training costs.
Features that offer value to a minority of users impose a cost on all users.
The worst interview question is the question taken out of context.
Efficiency and quality are of equal importance!! Both come from experience, not from study. Study as you go, don't assume that you're ready for the real world because you studied first.
The [iPhone] SDK has more restrictions than Guantanamo.
Closures are the new web framework, everybody wants one.
I admit it, programming pleases me sexually.
It's as easy to hire great Ruby programmers as it is to hire great Java programmers or great programmers for any given popular language. The problem is, it's not easy to hire great programmers in any language.
50% of all people doing business software development should find a new profession.
Creativity is your most important asset in development, and the first one to go with sleep deprivation.
The art of programming is finding patterns where others see only chaos.
The chief cause of problems is solutions.
The user is NOT a lower life form
True interactivity is not about clicking on icons or downloading files, it's about encouraging communication.
A picture is worth a thousand words. An interface is worth a thousand pictures.
The joy of an early release lasts but a short time. The bitterness of an unusable system lasts for years.
If we want users to like our software, we should design it to behave like a likeable person.
Any darn fool can make something complex; it takes a genius to make something simple.
Never use a warning when you mean undo.
If you need the approval of the platform vendor to ship an app, then it isn't a platform.
Marketing has long known how to exploit fads and how to develop trends.
As a buying group, visionaries are easy to sell but very hard to please. This is because they are buying a dream - which, to some degree, will alwasy be a dream.
The biggest problem is typically overly ambitious expectations combined with undercapitalization.
To enter the maintsteam market is an act of aggression. The companies who have already established relationships with your target customer will resent your intrusion and do everything they can to shut you out.
The sooner you start to code, the longer the program will take.
If the code and the comments disagree, then both are probably wrong.
If you have too many special cases, you are doing it wrong.
Testing can show the presence of bugs, not their absence.
Each new user of a new system uncovers a new class of bugs.
The fastest algorithm can frequently be replaced by one that is almost as fast and much easier to understand.
Whenever possible, steal code.
I would rather write programs to help me write programs than write programs.
Furious activity is no substitute for understanding.
One person's constant is another person's variable.
One person's data is another person's program.
The computer industry is the only industry that is more fashion-driven than women's fashion.
When in doubt, use brute force.
Avoid arc-sine and arc-cosine functions---you can usually do better by applying a trig identity or computing a vector dot-product.
Allocate four digits for the year part of a date: a new millennium is approaching.
Avoid asymmetry.
If you can't write it down in English, you can't code it.
Details count.
Get your data structures correct first, and the rest of the program will write itself.
A program designed for inputs from people is usually stressed beyond breaking point by computer-generated inputs.
Twenty percent of all input forms filled by people contain bad data.
Eighty percent of all input forms ask questions they have no business asking.
Don't make the user interface provide information that the system already knows.
For 80% of all data sets, 95% of the information can be seen in a good graph.
Do you really need to scale this now when you have two users per day ?!
Premature scaling is a root for bad design
Of all my programming bugs, 80% are syntax errors. Of the remaining 20%, 80% are trivial logical errors. Of the remaining 4%, 80% are pointer errors. And the remaining 0.8% are hard.
It takes three times the effort to find and fix bugs in system test than when done by the developer. It takes ten times the effort to find and fix bugs in the field than when done in system test. Therefore, insist on unit tests by the developer.
Don't debug standing up. It cuts your patience in half, and you need all you can muster.
Don't get suckered in by the comments---they can be terribly misleading. Debug only code.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
If we can't fix it, it ain't broke.
The first step in fixing a broken program is getting it to fail repeatably.
The First Rule of Program Optimization: don't do it. The Second Rule of Program Optimization: Don't do it yet
In non-I/O-bound programs, less than four percent of a program generally accounts for more than half of its running time.
Before optimizing, use a profiler to locate the "hot spots" of the program.
When you turn an ordinary page of code into just a handful of instructions for speed, expand the comments to keep the number of source lines constant.
Good code document itself, great code use good comments as part of it's documentation.
If the programmer can simulate a construct faster than a compiler can implement the construct itself, then the compiler writer has blown it badly.
To speed up an I/O-bound program, begin by accounting for all I/O. Eliminate that which is unnecessary or redundant, and make the remaining as fast as possible.
The fastest I/O is no I/O.
The cheapest, fastest and most reliable components of a computer system are those that aren't there.
Most assembly languages have a loop operation that does a compare and branch in a single machine instruction; although it was intended for loops, it can sometimes be used to do a general comparison very efficiently.
Making a wrong program worse is no sin.
Electricity travels a foot in a nanosecond.
Don't include a sentence in documentation if its negation is obviously false.
When explaining a command, or language feature, or hardware widget, first describe the problem it is designed to solve.
A {specification, design, procedure, test plan} that will not fit on one page of 8.5-by-11 inch paper cannot be understood.
The job's not over until the paperwork's done.
The structure of a system reflects the structure of the organization that built it.
Don't keep doing what doesn't work.
The first 90% of the code accounts for the first 90% of the development time. The remaining 10% of the code accounts for the other 90% of the development time.
Less than 10% of the code has to do with the ostensible purpose of the system; the rest deals with input-output, data validation, data structure maintenance, and other housekeeping.
Don't write a new program if one already does more or less what you want. And if you must write a program, use existing code to do as much of the work as possible.
Good customer relations double productivity.
Translating a working program to a new language or system takes ten percent of the original development time or manpower or cost.
Don't use the computer to do things that can be efficiently done by hand.
Don't use hands to do things that can be efficiently done by the computer.
Brooks's Law of Prototypes: Plan to throw one away, you will anyhow.
If you plan to throw one away, you will throw away two.
Prototyping cuts the work to produce a system by 40%.
Thompson's Rule for First-Time Telescope Makers: It is faster to make a four-inch mirror and then a six-inch mirror than to make a six-inch mirror.
Always do the hard part first. If the hard part is impossible, why waste time on the easy part? Once the hard part is done, you're home free.  Always do the east part first. What you think at first is the easy part often turns out to be the hard part. Once the easy part is done, you can concentrate all your efforts on the hard part.
Sure, 90% of all software is crap. That's because 90% of everything is crap.
If you lie to the computer, it will get you.
If a system doesn't have to be reliable, it can do anything else.
KISS: Keep it simple, stupid.
Eschew clever rules.
I head a nation of a million presidents.
Miracles sometimes occur, but one has to work terribly hard for them.
Restlessness and discontent are the first necessities of progress.
An idea is something that won't work unless you do.
Anything that won't sell, I don't want to invent. Its sale is proof of utility, and utility is success.
As a cure for worrying, work is better than whiskey.
Be courageous. I have seen many depressions in business. Always America has emerged from these stronger and more prosperous. Be brave as your fathers before you. Have faith! Go forward!
Far out in the uncharted backwaters of the unfashionable end of the Western Spiral arm of the Galaxy lies a small unregarded yellow sun. Orbiting this at a distance of roughly ninety-eight million miles is an utterly insignificant little blue-green planet whose ape-descended life forms are so amazingly primitive that they still think digital watches are a pretty neat idea.
It is not the fall that kills you. It's the sudden stop at the end.
A common mistake people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools
Anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job.
Flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.
He felt that his whole life was some kind of dream and he sometimes wondered whose it was and whether they were enjoying it.
He hoped and prayed that there wasn't an afterlife. Then he realized there was a contradiction involved here and merely hoped that there wasn't an afterlife.
Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so.
I refuse to answer that question on the grounds that I don't know the answer.
Isn't it enough to see that a garden is beautiful without having to believe that there are fairies at the bottom of it too?
Life is wasted on the living.
The moment at which two people, approaching from opposite ends of a long passageway, recognize each other and immediately pretend they haven't. This is to avoid the ghastly embarrassment of having to continue recognizing each other the whole length of the corridor.
There is a theory which states that if ever anybody discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened.
To give real service you must add something which cannot be bought or measured with money, and that is sincerity and integrity.
What to do if you find yourself stuck in a crack in the ground underneath a giant boulder you can't move, with no hope of rescue. Consider how lucky you are that life has been good to you so far. Alternatively, if life hasn't been good to you so far, which given your current circumstances seems more likely, consider how lucky you are that it won't be troubling you much longer.
All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.
All issues are political issues, and politics itself is a mass of lies, evasions, folly, hatred and schizophrenia.
At any given moment, there is a sort of all pervading orthodoxy, a general tacit agreement not to discuss large and uncomfortable facts.
If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear.
In a time of universal deceit - telling the truth is a revolutionary act
Political or military commentators, like astrologers, can survive almost any mistake, because their more devoted followers do not look to them for an appraisal of the facts but for the stimulation of nationalistic loyalties.
A dirty joke is a sort of mental rebellion.
A liberal is a power worshipper without the power.
A tragic situation exists precisely when virtue does not triumph but when it is still felt that man is nobler than the forces which destroy him.
All people who have reached the point of becoming nations tend to despise foreigners, but there is not much doubt that the English-speaking races are the worst offenders. One can see this from the fact that as soon as they become fully aware of any foreign race they invent an insulting nickname for it.
All writers are vain, selfish and lazy, and at the very bottom of their motives lies a mystery. Writing a book is a long, exhausting struggle, like a long bout of some painful illness. One would never undertake such a thing if one were not driven by some demon whom one can neither resist nor understand.
As with the Christian religion, the worst advertisement for socialism is its adherents.
At 50, everyone has the face he deserves.
Autobiography is only to be trusted when it reveals something disgraceful. A man who gives a good account of himself is probably lying, since any life when viewed from the inside is simply a series of defeats.
But the thing that I saw in your face no power can disinherit: No bomb that ever burst shatters the crystal spirit.
Doublethink means the power of holding two contradictory beliefs in one's mind simultaneously, and accepting both of them.
Early in life I had noticed that no event is ever correctly reported in a newspaper.
Enlightened people seldom or never possess a sense of responsibility.
For a creative writer possession of the "truth" is less important than emotional sincerity.
Four legs good, two legs bad.
Freedom is the freedom to say that two plus two make four. If that is granted, all else follows.
Good novels are not written by orthodoxy-sniffers, nor by people who are conscience-stricken about their own orthodoxy. Good novels are written by people who are not frightened.
He is a man of thirty-five, but looks fifty. He is bald, has varicose veins and wears spectacles, or would wear them if his only pair were not chronically lost. If things are normal with him, he will be suffering from malnutrition, but if he has recently had a lucky streak, he will be suffering from a hangover. At present, it is half past eleven in the morning, and according to his schedule he should have started work two hours ago; but even if he had made any serious effort to start, he would have been frustrated by the almost continuous ringing of the telephone bell, the yells of the baby, the rattle of an electric drill out in the street, and the heavy boots of his creditors clumping up the stairs. The most recent interruption was the arrival of the second post, which brought him two circulars and an income tax demand printed in red. Needless to say, this person is a writer.
He is as antisocial as a flea. Clearly, such people are undesirable, and a society in which they can flourish has something wrong with it.
He is fiddling while Rome is burning, and, unlike the enormous majority of people who do this, fiddling with his face towards the flames.
He left behind, as his essential contribution to literature, a large repertoire of jokes which survive because of their sheer neatness, and because of a certain intriguing uncertainty - which extends to Wilde himself - as to whether they really mean anything.
He who controls the past commands the future. He who commands the future conquers the past.
I sometimes think that the price of liberty is not so much eternal vigilance as eternal dirt.
If you want a vision of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face - forever.
In every one of those little stucco boxes there's some poor bastard who's never free except when he's fast asleep and dreaming that he's got the boss down the bottom of a well and is bunging lumps of coal at him.
In our time, political speech and writing are largely the defence of the indefensible.
Joyce is a poet and also an elephantine pedant.
Language ought to be the joint creation of poets and manual workers.
Men are only as good as their technical development allows them to be.
Men can only be happy when they do not assume that the object of life is happiness.
Most people get a fair amount of fun out of their lives, but on balance life is suffering, and only the very young or the very foolish imagine otherwise.
Most revolutionaries are potential Tories, because they imagine that everything can be put right by altering the shape of society; once that change is effected, as it sometimes is, they see no need for any other.
Myths which are believed in tend to become true.
Nationalism is power hunger tempered by self-deception.
No advance in wealth, no softening of manners, no reform or revolution has ever brought human equality a millimetre nearer.
No one can look back on his schooldays and say with truth that they were altogether unhappy.
Not to expose your true feelings to an adult seems to be instinctive from the age of seven or eight onwards.
On the whole, human beings want to be good, but not too good, and not quite all the time.
One can love a child, perhaps, more deeply than one can love another adult, but it is rash to assume that the child feels any love in return.
One cannot really be a Catholic and grown up.
One of the effects of a safe and civilized life is an immense oversensitiveness which makes all the primary emotions somewhat disgusting. Generosity is as painful as meanness, gratitude as hateful as ingratitude.
Part of the reason for the ugliness of adults, in a child's eyes, is that the child is usually looking upwards, and few faces are at their best when seen from below.
Political speech and writing are largely the defense of the indefensible.
Power is not a means, it is an end. One does not establish a dictatorship in order to safeguard a revolution; one makes the revolution in order to establish the dictatorship.
Power-worship blurs political judgment because it leads, almost unavoidably, to the belief that present trends will continue. Whoever is winning at the moment will always seem to be invincible.
Probably the battle of Waterloo was won on the playing-fields of Eton, but the opening battles of all subsequent wars have been lost there.
Progress and reaction have both turned out to be swindles. Seemingly, there is nothing left but quietism - robbing reality of its terrors by simply submitting to it.
Progress is not an illusion, it happens, but it is slow and invariably disappointing.
Prolonged, indiscriminate reviewing of books is a quite exceptionally thankless, irritating and exhausting job. It not only involves praising trash but constantly inventing reactions towards books about which one has no spontaneous feeling whatever.
Saints should always be judged guilty until they are proved innocent.
Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words, it is war minus the shooting.
So much of left-wing thought is a kind of playing with fire by people who don't even know that fire is hot.
Society has always seemed to demand a little more from human beings than it will get in practice.
The Catholic and the Communist are alike in assuming that an opponent cannot be both honest and intelligent.
The English are probably more capable than most peoples of making revolutionary change without bloodshed. In England, if anywhere, it would be possible to abolish poverty without destroying liberty.
The atmosphere of orthodoxy is always damaging to prose, and above all it is completely ruinous to the novel, the most anarchical of all forms of literature.
The atom bombs are piling up in the factories, the police are prowling through the cities, the lies are streaming from the loudspeakers, but the earth is still going round the sun.
The books one reads in childhood, and perhaps most of all the bad and good bad books, create in one's mind a sort of false map of the world, a series of fabulous countries into which one can retreat at odd moments throughout the rest of life, and which in some cases can survive a visit to the real countries which they are supposed to represent.
The child thinks of growing old as an almost obscene calamity, which for some mysterious reason will never happen to itself. All who have passed the age of thirty are joyless grotesques, endlessly fussing about things of no importance and staying alive without, so far as the child can see, having anything to live for. Only child life is real life.
The essence of being human is that one does not seek perfection, that one is sometimes willing to commit sins for the sake of loyalty, that one does not push asceticism to the point where it makes friendly intercourse impossible, and that one is prepared in the end to be defeated and broken up by life, which is the inevitable price of fastening one's love upon other human individuals.
The existence of good bad literature - the fact that one can be amused or excited or even moved by a book that one's intellect simply refuses to take seriously - is a reminder that art is not the same thing as cerebration.
The great disadvantage, and advantage, of the small urban bourgeois is his limited outlook. He sees the world as a middle-class world, and everything outside these limits is either laughable or slightly wicked.
The great enemy of clear language is insincerity. When there is a gap between one's real and one's declared aims, one turns as it were instinctively to long words and exhausted idioms, like a cuttlefish squirting out ink.
The high sentiments always win in the end, the leaders who offer blood, toil, tears and sweat always get more out of their followers than those who offer safety and a good time. When it comes to the pinch, human beings are heroic.
The intellectual is different from the ordinary man, but only in certain sections of his personality, and even then not all the time.
The main motive for "nonattachment" is a desire to escape from the pain of living, and above all from love, which, sexual or non-sexual, is hard work.
The moralist and the revolutionary are constantly undermining one another. Marx exploded a hundred tons of dynamite beneath the moralist position, and we are still living in the echo of that tremendous crash. But already, somewhere or other, the sappers are at work and fresh dynamite is being tamped in place to blow Marx at the moon. Then Marx, or somebody like him, will come back with yet more dynamite, and so the process continues, to an end we cannot foresee.
The "Communism" of the English intellectual is something explicable enough. It is the patriotism of the deracinated.
There is hardly such a thing as a war in which it makes no difference who wins. Nearly always one side stands more or less for progress, the other side more or less for reaction.
Throughout recorded time ... there have been three kinds of people in the world, the High, the Middle, and the Low. They have been subdivided in many ways, they have borne countless different names, and their relative numbers, as well as their attitude towards one another, have varied from age to age: but the essential structure of society has never altered. Even after enormous upheavals and seemingly irrevocable changes, the same pattern has always reasserted itself, just as a gyroscope will always return to equilibrium, however far it is pushed one way or the other. The aims of these three groups are entirely irreconcilable.
To a surprising extent the war-lords in shining armour, the apostles of the martial virtues, tend not to die fighting when the time comes. History is full of ignominious getaways by the great and famous.
To accept civilization as it is practically means accepting decay.
To an ordinary human being, love means nothing if it does not mean loving some people more than others.
To say "I accept" in an age like our own is to say that you accept concentration-camps, rubber truncheons, Hitler, Stalin, bombs, aeroplanes, tinned food, machine guns, putsches, purges, slogans, Bedaux belts, gas-masks, submarines, spies, provocateurs, press-censorship, secret prisons, aspirins, Hollywood films and political murder.
To survive it is often necessary to fight and to fight you have to dirty yourself.
To walk through the ruined cities of Germany is to feel an actual doubt about the continuity of civilization.
To write or even speak English is not a science but an art. There are no reliable words. ... Whoever writes English is involved in a struggle that never lets up even for a sentence. He is struggling against vagueness, against obscurity, against the lure of the decorative adjective, against the encroachment of Latin and Greek, and, above all, against the worn-out phrases and dead metaphors with which the language is cluttered up.
Under the spreading chestnut tree I sold you and you sold me: There lie they, and here lie we Under the spreading chestnut tree.
We of the sinking middle class ... may sink without further struggles into the working class where we belong, and probably when we get there it will not be so dreadful as we feared, for, after all, we have nothing to lose but our aitches.
What can you do against the lunatic who is more intelligent than yourself, who gives your arguments a fair hearing and then simply persists in his lunacy?
Who controls the past controls the future: who controls the present controls the past.
I have a quote for every event, except for this one.
I care not much for a man's religion whose dog and cat are not the better for it.
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.
A Government of the people, by the people and for the people, shall not perish from the earth.
A house divided against itself cannot stand - I believe this government cannot endure permanently half slave and half free.
A jury too often has at least one member more ready to hang the panel than to hang the traitor.
A universal feeling, whether well or ill founded, cannot be safely disregarded.
A woman is the only thing I am afraid of that I know will not hurt me.
All my life I have tried to pluck a thistle and plant a flower wherever the flower would grow in thought and mind.
All that I am or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother.
Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.
Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them?
Among free men there can be no successful appeal from the ballot to the bullet.
And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.
As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master. This expresses my idea of democracy.
As our case is new, we must think and act anew.
Avoid popularity if you would have peace.
Ballots are the rightful and peaceful successors of bullets.
Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.
Beware of rashness, but with energy, and sleepless vigilance, go forward and give us victories.
But in a larger sense we cannot dedicate, we cannot consecrate, we cannot hallow this ground. The brave men, living and dead, who struggled here, have consecrated it far above our poor power to add or detract.
Character is like a tree and reputation like its shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing.
Commitment is what transforms a promise into reality.
Common looking people are the best in the world: that is the reason the Lord makes so many of them.
Determine that the thing can and shall be done, and then we shall find the way.
Do not destroy that immortal emblem of humanity, the Declaration of Independence.
Do not worry; eat three square meals a day; say your prayers; be courteous to your creditors; keep your digestion good; exercise; go slow and easy. Maybe there are other things your special case requires to make you happy; but, my friend, these I reckon will give you a good lift.
Don't worry when you are not recognized, but strive to be worthy of recognition.
Every man is said to have his peculiar ambition.
Every man over forty is responsible for his face.
Everybody likes a compliment.
Fellow citizens, we cannot escape history.
Few can be induced to labor exclusively for posterity; and none will do it enthusiastically. Posterity has done nothing for us; and theorize on it as we may, practically we shall do very little for it, unless we are made to think we are at the same time doing something for ourselves.
Force is all-conquering, but its victories are short-lived.
Fourscore and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent, a new nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal. We here highly resolve that the dead shall not have died in vain, that this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of freedom; and that government of the people, by the people, and for the people, shall not perish from the earth.
Freedom is not the right to do what we want, but what we ought. Let us have faith that right makes might and in that faith let us; to the end, dare to do our duty as we understand it.
Freedom is the last, best hope of earth.
Friends, I agree with you in Providence; but I believe in the Providence of the most men, the largest purse, and the longest cannon.
God must love the common man, he made so many of them.
Having thus chosen our course, without guile and with pure purpose, let us renew our trust in God, and go forward without fear and with manly hearts.
He reminds me of the man who murdered both his parents, and then when the sentence was about to be pronounced, pleaded for mercy on the grounds that he was orphan.
He who molds the public sentiment ... makes statues and decisions possible or impossible to make.
Hold on with a bulldog grip, and chew and choke as much as possible.
Honest statesmanship is the wise employment of individual meanness for the public good.
How many legs does a dog have if you call the tail a leg? Four. Calling a tail a leg doesn't make it a leg.
I am not bound to win, but I am bound to be true. I am not bound to succeed but I am bound to live the best life that I have. I must stand with anybody that stands right and part from him when he goes wrong.
I am not concerned that you have fallen - I am concerned that you arise.
I believe, if we take habitual drunkards as a class, their heads and their hearts will bear an advantageous comparison with those of any other class. There seems ever to have been a proneness in the brilliant and warm-blooded to fall into this vice.
I bring to this great work a heart filled with love for my country and an honest desire to do what is right.
I can make a General in five minutes but a good horse is hard to replace.
I claim not to have controlled events, but confess plainly that events have controlled me.
I desire to so conduct the affairs of this administration that if at the end, when I come to lay down the reins of power, I have lost every other friend on earth, I shall at least have one friend left, and that friend shall be down inside of me.
I do the very best I know how - the very best I can; and I mean to keep on doing so until the end.
I don't know who my grandfather was; I am much more concerned to know what his grandson will be.
I don't think much of a man who is not wiser today than he was yesterday.
I dream of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope on earth.
I fear explanations explanatory of things explained.
I have been driven many times to my knees by the overwhelming conviction that I had nowhere to go. My own wisdom, and that of all about me, seemed insufficient for the day.
I have come to the conclusion never again to think of marrying, and for this reason, I can never be satisfied with anyone who would be blockhead enough to have me.
I laugh because I must not cry. That is all. That is all.
I never had a policy; I have just tried to do my very best each and every day.
I see in the near future a crisis approaching that unnerves me and causes me to tremble for the safety of my country. Corporations have been enthroned, an era of corruption in high places will follow, and the money-power of the country will endeavor to prolong it's reign by working upon the prejudices of the people until the wealth is aggregated in a few hands and the Republic is destroyed.
I shall do more whenever I shall believe doing more will help the cause.
I shall try to correct errors when shown to be errors, and I shall adopt new views so fast as they shall appear to be new views.
I sincerely wish war was a pleasanter and easier business than it is, but it does not admit of holidays.
I walk slowly, but I never walk backward.
I want it said of me by those who knew me best, that I always plucked a thistle and planted a flower where I thought a flower would grow.
I will prepare and some day my chance will come.
If I care to listen to every criticism, let alone act on them, then this shop may as well be closed for all other businesses. I have learned to do my best, and if the end result is good then I do not care for any criticism, but if the end result is not good, then even the praise of ten angels would not make the difference.
If I had eight hours to chop down a tree, I'd spend six sharpening my ax.
If destruction be our lot, we must ourselves be its author and finisher. As a nation of freemen, we must live through all time, or die by suicide.
If elected I shall be thankful; if not, it will be all the same.
If once you forfeit the confidence of your fellow-citizens, you can never regain their respect and esteem.
If there is anything that a man can do well, I say let him do it. Give him a chance.
If this is coffee, please bring me some tea; but if this is tea, please bring me some coffee.
If we could first know where we are and whither we are tending, we could then better judge what to do and how to do it.
If you want to win a man to your cause, first convince him that you are his sincere friend.
If you would win a man to your cause, first convince him that you are his sincere friend. Therein is a drop of honey that catches his heart, which, say what you will, is the great high-road to his reason, and which, when once gained, you will find but little trouble in convincing his judgment of the justice of your cause.
In giving freedom to the slave, we assure freedom to the free - honorable alike in what we give and what we preserve.
It has been my experience that folks who have no vices have very few virtues.
It is the eternal struggle between these two principles - right and wrong. They are the two principles that have stood face to face from the beginning of time and will ever continue to struggle. It is the same spirit that says, "You work and toil and earn bread, and I'll eat it."
Labor is prior to, and independent of, capital. Capital is only the fruit of labor, and could never have existed if labor had not first existed. Labor is the superior of capital, and deserves much the higher consideration. Capital has its rights, which are as worthy of protection as any other rights.
Let no feeling of discouragement prey upon you, and in the end you are sure to succeed.
Let not him who is houseless pull down the house of another, but let him work diligently and build one for himself, thus by example assuring that his own shall be safe from violence when built.
Let the people know the truth and the country is safe.
Marriage is neither heaven nor hell, it is simply purgatory.
Military glory - the attractive rainbow that rises in showers of blood.
Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
Must a government be too strong for the liberties of its people or too weak to maintain its own existence?
My father taught me to work, but he did not teach me to love it.
My great concern is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with your failure.
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.
No man has a good enough memory to make a successful liar.
No man is good enough to govern another man without that other's consent.
Nothing valuable can be lost by taking time.
People who like this sort of thing will find this the sort of thing they like.
Prohibition goes beyond the bounds of reason in that it attempts to control a man's appetite by legislation and makes crimes out of things that are not crimes.
Prohibition will work great injury to the cause of temperance. It is a species of intemperance within itself, for it goes beyond the bounds of reason in that it attempts to control a man's appetite by legislation, and makes a crime out of things that are not crimes. A Prohibition law strikes a blow at the very principles upon which our government was founded.
Property is the fruit of labor; property is desirable; it is a positive good in the world.
Public sentiment is everything, without it nothing can fail, without it nothing can succeed.
Quarrel not at all. No man resolved to make the most of himself can spare time for personal contention. Still less can he afford to take all the consequences, including the vitiating of his temper and loss of self control. Yield larger things to which you can show no more than equal right; and yield lesser ones, though clearly your own. Better give your path to a dog than be bitten by him in contesting for the right. Even killing the dog would not cure the bite.
Seriously, I do not think I am fit for the presidency.
Slavery is founded on the selfishness of man's nature - opposition to it on his love of justice. These principles are in eternal antagonism; and when brought into collision so fiercely as slavery extension brings them, shocks and throes and convulsions must ceaselessly follow.
Tact is the ability to describe others as they see themselves.
Tell me what brand of whiskey that Grant drinks. I would like to send a barrel of it to my other generals.
That some should be rich, shows that others may become rich, and, hence, is just encouragement to industry and enterprise.
The best thing about the future is that it comes only one day at a time.
The dogmas of the quiet past are inadequate to the stormy present. The occasion is piled high with difficulty, and we must rise with the occasion. As our case is new, so we must think anew and act anew.
The fiery trials through which we pass will light us down in honor or dishonor to the latest generation.
The power confided in me will be used to hold, occupy and possess the property and places belonging to the government, and to collect the duties and imposts.
The probability that we may fail in the struggle ought not to deter us from the support of a cause we believe to be just.
The sense of obligation to continue is present in all of us. A duty to strive is the duty of us all. I felt a call to that duty.
The shepherd drives the wolf from the sheep's throat, for which the sheep thanks the shepherd as his liberator, while the wolf denounces him for the same act as the destroyer of liberty.
The things I want to know are in books; my best friend is the man who'll get me a book I ain't read.
The way for a young man to rise is to improve himself in every way he can, never suspecting that anybody wishes to hinder him.
There are few things wholly evil or wholly good. Almost everything, especially of government policy, is an inseparable compound of the two, so that our best judgment of the preponderance between them is continually demanded.
These capitalists generally act harmoniously and in concert, to fleece the people.
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.
Those who deny freedom to others, deserve it not for themselves.
To correct the evils, great and small, which spring from want of sympathy and from positive enmity among strangers, as nations or as individuals, is one of the highest functions of civilization.
To sin by silence, when they should protest, makes cowards of men.
Upon the subject of education, not presuming to dictate any plan or system respecting it, I can only say that I view it as the most important subject which we as a people may be engaged in. That everyone may receive at least a moderate education appears to be an objective of vital importance.
Wanting to work is so rare a merit that it should be encouraged.
We know nothing of what will happen in future, but by the analogy of experience.
We live in the midst of alarms; anxiety beclouds the future; we expect some new disaster with each newspaper we read.
We must ask where we are and whither we are tending.
We must not be enemies. Though passion may have strained, it must not break our bonds of affection. The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave, to every living heart and hearth-stone, all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature.
We must not promise what we ought not, lest we be called on to perform what we cannot.
We should be too big to take offense and too noble to give it.
Were it not for my little jokes, I could not bear the burdens of this office.
What is conservatism? It is not adherence to the old and tried, but against the new and untried.
What kills the skunk is the publicity it gives itself.
When I do good, I feel good. When I do bad, I feel bad. And that's my religion.
When I hear a man preach, I like to see him act as if he were fighting bees.
When I'm getting ready to reason with a man, I spend one-third of my time thinking about myself and what I am going to say and two-thirds thinking about him and what he is going to say.
When you have got an elephant by the hind legs and he is trying to run away, it's best to let him run.
Whenever I hear anyone arguing for slavery, I feel a strong impulse to see it tried on him personally.
Whether or not the world would be vastly benefited by a total banishment from it of all intoxicating drinks seems not now an open question. Three-fourths of mankind confess the affirmative with their tongues, and I believe all the rest acknowledge it in their hearts.
Will springs from the two elements of moral sense and self-interest.
With high hope for the future, no prediction is ventured.
With the catching ends the pleasures of the chase.
You can fool some of the people all the time, and all of the people some of the time, but you cannot fool all of the people all the time.
You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.
Any solid lighter than a fluid will, if placed in the fluid, be so far immersed that the weight of the solid will be equal to the weight of the fluid displaced. 
Do not disturb my circles! (Noli turbare circulos meos.)
Give me a place to stand and I will move the earth.
There are things which seem incredible to most men who have not studied mathematics.
Consider how much more you often suffer from your anger and grief, than from those very things for which you are angry and grieved.
Mark how fleeting and paltry is the estate of man - yesterday in embryo, tomorrow a mummy or ashes. So for the hairsbreadth of time assigned to thee, live rationally, and part with life cheerfully, as drops the ripe olive, extolling the season that bore it and the tree that matured it.
Opinion is the main thing which does harm or good in the world. It is our false opinions that ruin us.
Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present.
Observe always that everything is the result of a change, and get used to thinking that there is nothing Nature loves so well as to change existing forms and to make new ones like them.
The work of philosophy is simple and discreet. Let us not get carried away by the swollen puffiness of solemn affectation.
A man should be upright, not be kept upright.
A man should remove not only unnecessary acts, but also unnecessary thoughts, for then superfluous activity will not follow.
A man's happiness: to do the things proper to man.
A man's life is what his thoughts make of it.
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart.
Adapt yourself to the things among which your lot has been cast and love sincerely the fellow creatures with whom destiny has ordained that you shall live.
And thou wilt give thyself relief, if thou doest every act of thy life as if it were the last.
Because your own strength is unequal to the task, do not assume that it is beyond the powers of man; but if anything is within the powers and province of man, believe that it is within your own compass also.
Confine yourself to the present.
Constantly observe everything that takes place by change, and adapt yourself to consider that the universe's nature loves nothing as much as changing things that are, and making new things like them. In a way, everything that exists is like the seed of what it will be.
Death is a release from the impressions of the senses, and from desires that make us their puppets, and from the vagaries of the mind, and from the hard service of the flesh.
Despise not death, but welcome it, for nature wills it like all else.
Dig within. Within is the wellspring of Good; and it is always ready to bubble up, if you just dig.
Do every act of your life as if it were your last.
Each thing is of like form from everlasting and comes round again in its cycle.
Every man's life lies within the present; for the past is spent and done with, and the future is uncertain.
Everything that exists is in a manner the seed of that which will be.
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe.
Here is the rule to remember in the future, When anything tempts you to be bitter: not, "This is a misfortune" but "To bear this worthily is good fortune."
How much more grievous are the consequences of anger than the causes of it.
How much time he saves who does not look to see what his neighbor says or does or thinks.
I have often wondered how it is everyone loves himself more than the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinions of himself than the opinions of others.
If it is not right do not do it; if it is not true do not say it.
If thou workest at that which is before thee ... expecting nothing, fearing nothing, but satisfied with thy present activity according to Nature, and with heroic truth in every word and sound which thou utterest, thou wilt live happy. And there is no man who is able to prevent this.
If you are distressed by anything external, the pain is not due to the thing itself but to your own estimate of it; and this you have the power to revoke at any moment.
If you are pained by external things, it is not they that disturb you, but your own judgment of them. And it is in your power to wipe out that judgment now.
It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live.
It is not the weight of the future or the past that is pressing upon you, but ever that of the present alone. Even this burden, too, can be lessened if you confine it strictly to its own limits.
Let it be your constant method to look into the design of people's actions, and see what they would be at, as often as it is practicable; and to make this custom the more significant, practice it first upon yourself.
Let men see, let them know, a real man, who lives as he was meant to live.
Let not your mind run on what you lack as much as on what you have already.
Life is neither good or evil, but only a place for good and evil.
Live not as though there were a thousand years ahead of you. Fate is at your elbow; make yourself good while life and power are still yours.
Look well into thyself; there is a source which will always spring up if thou wilt always search there.
Loss is nothing else but change, and change is Nature's delight.
Love only what befalls you and is spun for you by fate.
Man must be arched and buttressed from within, else the temple wavers to dust.
Men exist for the sake of one another.
Nothing befalls a man except what is in his nature to endure.
Nothing happens to any man that he is not formed by nature to bear.
Nothing has such power to broaden the mind as the ability to investigate systematically and truly all that comes under thy observation in life.
Nowhere can man find a quieter or more untroubled retreat than in his own soul.
Observe constantly that all things take place by change, and accustom thyself to consider that the nature of the Universe loves nothing so much as to change the things which are, and to make new things like them.
Our life depends on what our thoughts make it.
Reject your sense of injury and the injury itself disappears.
Remember how often you have postponed minding your interest, and let slip those opportunities the gods have given you. It is now high time to consider what sort of world you are part of, and from what kind of governor of it you are descended; that you have a set period assigned you to act in, and unless you improve it to brighten and compose your thoughts, it will quickly run off with you, and be lost beyond recovery.
Remember that very little is needed to make a happy life.
That which is not good for the beehive cannot be good for the bees.
The art of living is more like wrestling than dancing.
To understand the true quality of people, you must look into their minds, and examine their pursuits and aversions.
Soon silence will have passed into legend. Man has turned his back on silence. Day after day he invents machines and devices that increase noise and distract humanity from the essence of life, contemplation, meditation.
All human evil comes from a single cause, man's inability to sit still in a room.
All of our reasoning ends in surrender to feeling.
As men are not able to fight against death, misery, ignorance, they have taken it into their heads, in order to be happy, not to think of them at all.
Atheism shows strength of mind, but only to a certain degree.
Belief is a wise wager. Granted that faith cannot be proved, what harm will come to you if you gamble on its truth and it proves false? If you gain, you gain all; if you lose, you lose nothing. Wager, then, without hesitation, that He exists.
Between us and heaven or hell there is only life, which is the frailest thing in the world.
Can anything be stupider than that a man has the right to kill me because he lives on the other side of a river and his ruler has a quarrel with mine, though I have not quarrelled with him?
Chance gives rise to thoughts, and chance removes them; no art can keep or acquire them.
Concupiscence and force are the source of all our actions; concupiscence causes voluntary actions, force involuntary ones.
Continuous eloquence wearies. Grandeur must be abandoned to be appreciated. Continuity in everything is unpleasant. Cold is agreeable, that we may get warm.
Each player must accept the cards life deals him or her: but once they are in hand, he or she alone must decide how to play the cards in order to win the game.
There are men who can think no deeper than a fact
say, "Believe as I do, or I shall assassinate you"
What is madness? To have erroneous perceptions and to reason correctly from them
Ice-cream is exquisite. What a pity it isn't illegal.
Christianity is the most ridiculous, the most absurd, and bloody religion that has ever infected the world
The best government is a benevolent tyranny tempered by an occasional assassination.
Men hate the individual whom they call avaricious only because nothing can be gained from him.
Our wretched species is so made that those who walk on the well-trodden path always throw stones at those who are showing a new road
It is not enough to conquer; one must also know how to seduce
To succeed in chaining the multitude, you must seem to wear the same fetters
The very impossibility in which I find myself to prove that God is not, discovers to me his existence.
Four thousand volumes of metaphysics will not teach us what the soul is
Doubt is uncomfortable, certainty is ridiculous.
We cannot wish for that we know not.
Chance is a word void of sense; nothing can exist without a cause.
All is for the best in the best of all possible worlds.
The great consolation in life is to say what one thinks
Your destiny is that of a man, and your vows those of a god.
Marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly
One always speaks badly when one has nothing to say
Think for yourselves and let others enjoy the privilege to do so, too
I keep to old books, for they teach me something; from the new I learn very little.
Superstition sets the whole world in flames; philosophy quenches them
The art of government is to make two-thirds of a nation pay all it possibly can pay for the benefit of the other third.
To announce truths is an infallible receipt for being persecuted.
There are truths that are not for all men, nor for all occasions
One of the chief misfortunes of honest people is that they are cowardly.
For seventeen hundred years the Christian sect has done nothing but harm
Everything persecutes me in this world, even things that do not exist
If God created us in His image we have certainly returned the compliment.
He must be very ignorant for he answers every question he is asked
Every abuse ought to be reformed, unless the reform is more dangerous than the abuse itself.
Only your friends steal your books
The first priest was the first rogue who met the first fool
It is far better to be silent than merely to increase the quantity of bad books
Of all religions, Christianity is without a doubt the one that should inspire tolerance most, although, up to now, the Christians have been the most intolerant of all men
Philosopher: A lover of wisdom, which is to say, Truth
Poetry is the music of the soul, and, above all, of great and feeling souls.
His face bespoke his soul
It is with books as with men: a very small number play a great part, the rest are lost in the multitude
It is lamentable, that to be a good patriot one must become the enemy of the rest of mankind.
The best is the enemy of the good.
Appreciation is a wonderful thing: It makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well
Woe to the makers of literal translations, who by rendering every word weaken the meaning! It is indeed by so doing that we can say the letter kills and the spirit gives life.
Work spares us from three evils: boredom, vice, and need
It is vain for the coward to flee; death follows close behind; it is only by defying it that the brave escape.
To hold a pen is to be at war.
Doubt is not a pleasant condition but certainty is an absurd one.
I cannot imagine how the clockwork of the universe can exist without a clockmaker.
It is not known precisely where angels dwell -- whether in the air, the void, or the planets. It has not been God's pleasure that we should be informed of their abode.
Let us read and let us dance - two amusements that will never do any harm to the world.
It is said that the present is pregnant with the future.
All succeeds with people who are of cheerful disposition
A long dispute means both parties are wrong
Nothing can be more contrary to religion and the clergy than reason and common sense
The first step, my son, which one makes in the world, is the one on which depends the rest of our days.
History is nothing but a pack of tricks that we play upon the dead
All men are born with a nose and ten fingers, but no one was born with a knowledge of God
Men appear to prefer to ruin one another's fortunes, and to cut each other's throats over a few miserable villages, than to extend the means of human happiness
We have a natural right to make use of our pens as of our tongues, at our peril, risk and hazard.
Indeed, history is nothing more than a tableau of crimes and misfortunes.
Injustice in the end produces independence.
History is fables agreed upon.
Anyone who seeks to destroy the passions instead of controlling them is trying to play the angel.
When we hear news we should always wait for the sacrament of confirmation
That is well said, replied Candide, but we must cultivate our garden
Doctors are men who prescribe medicines of which they know little, to cure diseases of which they know less, in human beings of whom they know nothing
If God did not exist it would be necessary to invent Him. But all nature cries aloud that He does exist.
If you wish to converse with me, define your terms
Men use thought only as authority for their injustice, and employ speech only to conceal their thoughts
He is a hard man who is only just, and a sad one who is only wise.
All the citizens of a state cannot be equally powerful, but they may be equally free
Doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd
It is as impossible to translate poetry as it is to translate music.
Pleasure is the object, duty and the goal of all rational creatures.
Since the whole affair had become one of religion, the vanquished were of course exterminated
Do well and you will have no need for ancestors.
The punishment of criminals should be of use; when a man is hanged he is good for nothing
How I like the boldness of the English, how I like the people who say what they think!
I know many books which have bored their readers, but I know of none which has done real evil
It is an infantile superstition of the human spirit that virginity would be thought a virtue and not the barrier that separates ignorance from knowledge
God is a comedian, playing to an audience too afraid to laugh.
Self-love is the instrument of our preservation.
He was a great patriot, a humanitarian, a loyal friend - provided, of course, that he really is dead.
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.
Illusion is the first of the pleasures
It is today, my dear, that I take a perilous leap.
Clever tyrants are never punished.
We owe respect to the living. To the dead we owe only truth.
Governments need to have both shepherds and butchers.
You must have the devil in you to succeed in any of the arts
Tyrants have always some slight shade of virtue; they support the laws before destroying them
I know of nothing more laughable than a doctor who does not die of old age.
You will notice that in all disputes between Christians since the birth of the Church, Rome has always favored the doctrine which most completely subjugated the human mind and annihilated reason
When he who hears does not know what he who speaks means, and when he who speaks does not know what he himself means, that is philosophy
Use, do not abuse; neither abstinence nor excess ever renders man happy.
They (the British) are like their own beer; froth on top, dregs at bottom, the middle excellent
The person ready to believe unlikely and unproved things is readily made a slave of by the crafty
Prejudice is the reason of fools
To a toad, what is beauty? A female with two pop-eyes, a wide mouth, yellow belly and spotted back
The only way to compel men to speak good of us is to do it.
In this country it is considered wise to kill an admiral from time to time in order to encourage the others
The husband who decides to surprise his wife is often very much surprised himself.
God is not on the side of the big battalions, but on the side of those who shoot best
I should stop myself from dying if a good joke or a good idea occurred to me
How inexpressible is the meanness of being a hypocrite! how horrible is it to be a mischievous and malignant hypocrite.
It requires ages to destroy a popular opinion
We must distinguish between speaking to deceive and being silent to be reserved.
Prejudice is an opinion without judgment
I die adoring God, loving my friends, not hating my enemies, and detesting superstition
Whatever you do, stamp out abuses, and love those who love you.
Ideas are like beards; men do not have them until they grow up.
Very learned women are to be found, in the same manner as female warriors; but they are seldom or ever inventors.
There are no sects in geometry
We are rarely proud when we are alone.
Divorce is probably of nearly the same date as marriage. I believe, however, that marriage is some weeks the more ancient.
The atheists are for the most part impudent and misguided scholars who reason badly, and who, not being able to understand the Creation, the origin of evil, and other difficulties, have recourse to the hypothesis of the eternity of things and of inev
Love is a canvas furnished by Nature and embroidered by imagination.
But nothing is more estimable than a physician who, having studied nature from his youth, knows the properties of the human body, the diseases which assail it, the remedies which will benefit it, exercises his art with caution, and pays equal attention to the rich and the poor.
It is one of the superstitions of the human mind to have imagined that virginity could be a virtue.
It is amusing that a virtue is made of the vice of chastity; and it's a pretty odd sort of chastity at that, which leads men straight into the sin of Onan, and girls to the waning of their color
An infallible method of making fanatics is to persuade before you instruct
By appreciation, we make excellence in others our own property.
The poor man is never free; he serves in every country
He who is not just is severe, he who is not wise is sad.
The secret of being tiresome is in telling everything.
The sentiment of justice is so natural, and so universally acquired by all mankind, that it seems to be independent of all law, all party, all religion.
Nothing would be more tiresome than eating and drinking if God had not made them a pleasure as well as a necessity.
In my life, I have prayed but one prayer: oh Lord, make my enemies ridiculous. And God granted it.
I believe that there never was a creator of a philosophical system who did not confess at the end of his life that he had wasted his time. It must be admitted that the inventors of the mechanical arts have been much more useful to men that the inventors of syllogisms. He who imagined a ship towers considerably above him who imagined innate ideas.
A woman can keep one secret - the secret of her age
Fear follows crime, and is its punishment
This agglomeration which was called and which still calls itself the Holy Roman Empire was neither holy, nor Roman, nor an Empire
It is fancy rather than taste which produces so many new fashions
In general, the art of government consists in taking as much money as possible from one party of the citizens to give to the other
It is clear that the individual who persecutes a man, his brother, because he is not of the same opinion, is a monster
What a heavy burden is a name that has become famous too soon.
If there had been a censorship of the press in Rome we should have had today neither Horace nor Juvenal, nor the philosophical writings of Cicero
Every man is guilty of all the good he didn't do
God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well.
Superstition is to religion what astrology is to astronomy: the mad daughter of a wise mother
Whatever you do, crush the infamy
Love truth, but pardon error
Originality is nothing by judicious imitation. The most original writers borrowed one from another.
I advise you to go on living solely to enrage those who are paying your annuities. It is the only pleasure I have left.
Satire lies about literary men while they live and eulogy lies about them when they die.
Judge a person by their questions, rather than their answers.
Exaggeration, the inseparable companion of greatness
Faith consists in believing when it is beyond the power of reason to believe.
To enjoy life, we must touch much of it lightly
All men have equal rights to liberty, to their property, and to the protection of the laws
Life is thickly sown with thorns, and I know no other remedy than to pass quickly through them. The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us.
It is dangerous to be right when the government is wrong.
From the pain come the dream From the dream come the vision From the vision come the people From the people come the power From this power come the change
One thing that really appeals to me is this idea of music being a living thing that has an evolution that, in a way, enables the artist to sell a process rather than a piece of product.
As the band got more successful, it was increasingly difficult to get people to take a risk with something that might jeopardize their livelihood.
I think it is the weak and the young and the minorities that you need to look after to get a healthy creative environment - to get a lot of choices, a lot of different styles of music, a lot experimental stuff that everyone else feeds off.
Without a good library, most interesting tasks are hard to do in C++; but given a good library, almost any task can be made easy.
If I were a medical man, I should prescribe a holiday to any patient who considered his work important.
With equal passion I have sought knowledge. I have wished to understand the hearts of men. I have wished to know why the stars shine. And I have tried to apprehend the Pythagorean power by which number holds sway about the flux. A little of this, but not much, I have achieved.
Of all forms of caution, caution in love is perhaps the most fatal to true happiness.
The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, but wiser people so full of doubts.
Freedom of opinion can only exist when the government thinks itself secure.
All exact science is dominated by the idea of approximation.
The greatest challenge to any thinker is stating the problem in a way that will allow a solution.
War does not determine who is right. War determines who is left.
We are faced with the paradoxical fact that education has become one of the chief obstacles to intelligence and freedom of thought.
No man can be a good teacher unless he has feelings of warm affection toward his pupils and a genuine desire to impart to them what he believes to be of value.
One of the symptoms of an approaching nervous breakdown is the belief that one's work is terribly important.
Our mental make-up is suited to a life of very severe physical labor
The world that we must seek is a world in which the creative spirit is alive, in which life is an adventure full of joy and hope, based rather upon the impulse to construct than upon the desire to retain what we possess or to seize what is possessed by others.
Fear is the main source of superstition, and one of the main sources of cruelty. To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.
Envy consists in seeing things never in themselves, but only in their relations. If you desire glory, you may envy Napoleon, but Napoleon envied Caesar, Caesar envied Alexander, and Alexander, I daresay, envied Hercules, who never existed.
Extreme hopes are born from extreme misery.
The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge
Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric.
So far as I can remember, there is not one word in the Gospels in praise of intelligence.
Men are born ignorant, not stupid. They are made stupid by education.
Science is what you know, philosophy is what you don't know.
Marriage is for women the commonest mode of livelihood, and the total amount of undesired sex endured by women is probably greater in marriage than in prostitution.
People are zealous for a cause when they are not quite positive that it is true
Psychology often becomes the disease of which it should be the cure
If we could all live solitary and without labor, we could all enjoy this ecstasy of independence; since we cannot, its delights are only available to madmen and dictators
In all affairs it's a healthy thing now and then to hang a question mark on the things you have long taken for granted.
No great achievement is possible without persistent work.
It [the world] must be a world in which affection has free play, in which love is purged of the instinct for domination, in which cruelty and envy have been dispelled by happiness and the unfettered development of all the instincts that build up life and fill it with mental delights. Such a world is possible; it waits only for men to wish to create it.
Three passions, simple but overwhelmingly strong, have governed my life: the longing for love, the search for knowledge, and unbearable pity for the suffering of mankind.
The point of philosophy is to start with something so simple as not to seem worth stating, and to end with something so paradoxical that no one will believe it.
The thing that I should wish to obtain from money would be leisure with security.
Much that passes as idealism is disguised hatred or disguised love of power.
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead.
To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.
Religion is something left over from the infancy of our intelligence, it will fade away as we adopt reason and science as our guidelines.
Freedom in general may be defined as the absence of obstacles to the realization of desires
Love is something far more than desire for sexual intercourse; it is the principal means of escape from the loneliness which afflicts most men and women throughout the greater part of their lives.
Neither a man nor a crowd nor a nation can be trusted to act humanely or to think sanely under the influence of a great fear.
There is something feeble and a little contemptible about a man who cannot face the perils of life without the help of comfortable myths
Life is nothing but a competition to be the criminal rather than the victim.
If everything must have a cause, then God must have a cause. If there can be anything without a cause, it may just as well be the world as God, so that there cannot be any validity in that argument
Anything you're good at contributes to happiness
Religions, which condemn the pleasures of sense, drive men to seek the pleasures of power. Throughout history power has been the vice of the ascetic.
Many a man will have the courage to die gallantly, but will not have the courage to say, or even to think, that the cause for which he is asked to die is an unworthy one
To be without some of the things you want is an indispensable part of happiness.
The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.
Most people would sooner die than think; in fact, they do so.
It is possible that mankind is on the threshold of a golden age; but, if so, it will be necessary first to slay the dragon that guards the door, and this dragon is religion
The demand for certainty is one which is natural to man, but is nevertheless an intellectual vice
I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong.
Collective fear stimulates herd instinct, and tends to produce ferocity toward those who are not regarded as members of the herd.
A hallucination is a fact, not an error; what is erroneous is a judgment based upon it.
The secret to happiness is to face the fact that the world is horrible
A happy life must be to a great extent a quiet life, for it is only in an atmosphere of quiet that true joy dare live
The only thing that will redeem mankind is cooperation.
Contempt for happiness is usually contempt for other people's happiness, and is an elegant disguise for hatred of the human race
What is wanted is not the will to believe, but the wish to find out, which is its exact opposite
The most savage controversies are about matters as to which there is no good evidence either way
The infliction of cruelty with a good conscience is a delight to moralists. That is why they invented Hell.
There will still be things that machines cannot do. They will not produce great art or great literature or great philosophy; they will not be able to discover the secret springs of happiness in the human heart; they will know nothing of love and friendship.
One should respect public opinion insofar as is necessary to avoid starvation and keep out of prison, but anything that goes beyond this is voluntary submission to an unnecessary tyranny.
Most people would rather die than think: many do.
Civilized people cannot fully satisfy their sexual instinct without love
The wise man thinks about his troubles only when there is some purpose in doing so; at other times he thinks about other things
Why is propaganda so much more successful when it stirs up hatred than when it tries to stir up friendly feeling?
Sin is geographical.
The most valuable things in life are not measured in monetary terms. The really important things are not houses and lands, stocks and bonds, automobiles and real state, but friendships, trust, confidence, empathy, mercy, love and faith.
This has been my life. I have found it worth living, and would gladly live it again if the chance were offered me.
What men want is not knowledge, but certainty.
All exact science is dominated by the idea of approximation.
When one admits that nothing is certain one must, I think, also add that some things are more nearly certain than others
The fact that an opinion has been widely held is no evidence whatever that it is not utterly absurd.
There is much pleasure to be gained from useless knowledge.
I've made an odd discovery. Every time I talk to a savant I feel quite sure that happiness is no longer a possibility. Yet when I talk with my gardener, I'm convinced of the opposite.
The true spirit of delight, the exaltation, the sense of being more than Man, which is the touchstone of the highest excellence, is to be found in mathematics as surely as in poetry
God is a reality of spirit... He cannot... be conceived as an object, not even as the very highest object. God is not to be found in the world of objects.
More important than the curriculum is the question of the methods of teaching and the spirit in which the teaching is given
To be able to fill leisure intelligently is the last product of civilization, and at present very few people have reached this level.
If you wish to be happy yourself, you must resign yourself to seeing others also happy
I believe in using words, not fists... I believe in my outrage knowing people are living in boxes on the street. I believe in honesty. I believe in a good time. I believe in good food. I believe in sex.
The essence of the Liberal outlook lies not in what opinions are held, but in how they are held: instead of being held dogmatically, they are held tentatively, and with a consciousness that new evidence may at any moment lead to their abandonment.
Thinking you know when in fact you don't is a fatal mistake, to which we are all prone
It's a waste of energy to be angry with a man who behaves badly, just as it is to be angry with a car that won't go
I say quite deliberately that the Christian religion, as organized in its churches, has been and still is the principal enemy of moral progress in the world
What hunger is in relation to food, zest is in relation to life
Happiness is not best achieved by those who seek it directly
It has been said that man is a rational animal. All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this.
I had supposed until that time that it was quite common for parents to love their children, but the war persuaded me that it is a rare exception. I had supposed that most people liked money better than almost anything else, but I discovered that they liked destruction even better. I had supposed that intellectuals frequently loved truth, but I found here again that not ten percent of them prefer truth to popularity.
Science can teach us, and I think our own hearts can teach us, no longer to look around for imaginary supports, no longer to invent allies in the sky, but rather to look to our own efforts here below to make this world a fit place to live in, instead
The degree of one's emotions varies inversely with one's knowledge of the facts.
Men who are unhappy, like men who sleep badly, are always proud of the fact
The teacher, like the artist and the philosopher, can perform his work adequately only if he feels himself to be an individual directed by an inner creative impulse, not dominated and fettered by an outside authority.
Science may set limits to knowledge, but should not set limits to imagination.
My first advice on how not to grow old would be to choose you ancestors carefully.
The observer, when he seems to himself to be observing a stone, is really, if physics is to be believed, observing the effects of the stone upon himself.
To be happy in this world, especially when youth is past, it is necessary to feel oneself not merely an isolated individual whose day will soon be over, but part of the stream of life flowing on from the first germ to the remote and unknown future.
Three passions, simple but overwhelmingly strong, have governed my life: the longing for love, the search for knowledge, and unbearable pity for the suffering of mankind.
Italy, and the spring and first love all together should suffice to make the gloomiest person happy.
If we were all given by magic power to read each other's thoughts, I suppose the first effect would be to dissolve all friendships
The greatest challenge to any thinker is stating the problem in a way that will allow a solution
You must not kill your neighbor, whom perhaps you genuinely hate, but by a little propaganda this hate can be transferred to some foreign nation, against whom all your murderous impulses become patriotic heroism
Right discipline consists, not in external compulsion, but in the habits of mind which lead spontaneously to desirable rather than undesirable activities.
It is illegal in England to state in print that a wife can and should derive sexual pleasure from intercourse
What a man believes upon grossly insufficient evidence is an index into his desires -- desires of which he himself is often unconscious. If a man is offered a fact which goes against his instincts, he will scrutinize it closely, and unless the evidence is overwhelming, he will refuse to believe it. If, on the other hand, he is offered something which affords a reason for acting in accordance to his instincts, he will accept it even on the slightest evidence. The origin of myths is explained in this way.
Life is a brief, small, and transitory phenomenon in an obscure corner, not at all the sort of thing that one would make a fuss about if one were not personally concerned
None but a coward dares to boast that he has never known fear.
Every advance in civilization has been denounced as unnatural while it was recent
Patriots always talk of dying for their country, and never of killing for their country.
Patriotism is the willingness to kill and be killed for trivial reasons.
There is no nonsense so arrant that it cannot be made the creed of the vast majority by adequate governmental action
No one gossips about other people's secret virtues.
We have, in fact, two kinds of morality side by side; one which we preach but do not practice, and another which we practice but seldom preach.
Democracy is the process by which people choose the man who'll get the blame.
To teach how to live without certainty, and yet without, being paralyzed by hesitation, is perhaps the chief thing that philosophy in our age can do for those who study it
All who are not lunatics are agreed about certain things : That it is better to be alive than dead, better to be adequately fed than starved, better to be free than a slave
Machines are worshipped because they are beautiful, and valued because they confer power; they are hated because they are hideous, and loathed because they impose slavery
By self-interest, Man has become gregarious, but in instinct he has remained to a great extent solitary; hence the need of religion and morality to reinforce self-interest
The most savage controversies are those about matters as to which there is no good evidence either way. Persecution is used in theology, not in arithmetic.
Advocates of capitalism are very apt to appeal to the sacred principles of liberty, which are embodied in one maxim: The fortunate must not be restrained in the exercise of tyranny over the unfortunate
A life without adventure is likely to be unsatisfying, but a life in which adventure is allowed to take whatever form it will is sure to be short.
The secret of happiness is this: let your interests be as wide as possible, and let your reactions to the things and persons that interest you be as far as possible friendly rather than hostile.
Ethics is in origin the art of recommending to others the sacrifices required for cooperation with oneself.
Unless a man has been taught what to do with success after getting it, the achievement of it must inevitably leave him a prey to boredom.
The three main extra-rational activities in modern life are religion, war, and love; all these are extra-rational, but love is not anti-rational, that is to say, a reasonable man may reasonably rejoice in its existence
Mathematics is the only science where one never knows what one is talking about nor whether what is said is true
By religion I mean a set of beliefs held as dogmas, dominating the conduct of life, going beyond or contrary to evidence, and inculcated by methods which are emotional or authoritarian, not intellectual
Mathematics, rightly viewed, posses not only truth, but supreme beauty; a beauty cold and austere, like that of sculpture
Every man, wherever he goes, is encompassed by a cloud of comforting convictions which move with him like flies on a summer day
Few people can be happy unless they hate some other person, nation, or creed
I do not pretend that birth control is the only way in which population can be kept from increasing. There are others, which, one must suppose, opponents of birth control would prefer.
Law in origin was merely a codification of the power of dominant groups, and did not aim at anything that to a modern man would appear to be justice
I like mathematics because it is not human and has nothing particular to do with this planet or with the whole accidental universe - because, like Spinoza's God, it won't love us in return.
Human life, its growth, its hopes, fears, loves, et cetera, are the result of accidents
I am not myself in any degree ashamed of having changed my opinions
Even when the experts all agree, they may well be mistaken.
Throughout the long period of religious doubt, I had been rendered very unhappy by the gradual loss of belief, but when the process was completed, I found to my surprise that I was quite glad to be done with the whole subject
The qualities most needed are charity and tolerance, not some form of fanatical faith such as is offered to us by the various rampant isms
In order to be happy we require all kinds of supports to our self-esteem. We are human beings, therefore human beings are the purpose of god's creation
There's a Bible on the shelf there. But I keep it next to Voltaire-poison and antidote.
Aristotle maintained that women have fewer teeth than men; although he was twice married, it never occurred to him to verify this statement by examining his wives' mouths.
For my part I distrust all generalizations about women, favorable and unfavorable, masculine and feminine, ancient and modern; all alike, I should say, result from paucity of experience.
Most political leaders acquire their position by causing large numbers of people to believe that these leaders are actuated by altruistic desires
Drunkenness is temporary suicide: the happiness that it brings is merely negative, a momentary cessation of unhappiness
I've always thought respectable people scoundrels, and I look anxiously at my face every morning for signs of my becoming a scoundrel.
We must care about the world of our children and grandchildren, a world we may never see.
A sense of duty is useful in work but offensive in personal relations. People wish to be liked, not to be endured with patient resignation.
A truer image of the world, I think, is obtained by picturing things as entering into the stream of time from an eternal world outside, than from a view which regards time as the devouring tyrant of all that is.
Both in thought and in feeling, even though time be real, to realize the unimportance of time is the gate of wisdom.
Love should be a tree whose roots are deep in the earth, but whose branches extend into heaven.
A process which led from the amoebae to man appeared to the philosophers to be obviously a progress - though whether the amoebae would agree with this opinion is not known.
Against my will, in the course of my travels, the belief that everything worth knowing was known at Cambridge gradually wore off. In this respect my travels were very useful to me.
Doing linear scans over an associative array is like trying to club someone to death with a loaded Uzi
For me, writing is a love-hate relationship.
Hubris itself will not let you be an artist.
I am not a sort of person who wants to run a company.
I still drive my 1977 Honda Accord. The paint is almost all worn off. It's still running.
I take time to watch anime. I don't know whether I'm allowed to, but I do it anyway.
I talked about becoming stupid, but I've always been stupid. Fortunately I've been just smart enough to realize that I'm stupid.
I think computer science, by and large, is still stuck in the Modern age.
I think operating systems work best if they're free and open. Particular applications are more likely to be proprietary.
I think software patents are a bad idea. Many patents are given for trivial inventions.
I think the way IBM has embraced the open source philosophy has been quite astonishing, but gratifying. I hope they'll do very well with it.
I want people to use Perl. I want to be a positive ingredient of the world and make my American history. So, whatever it takes to give away my software and get it used, that's great.
I'm just paid to do whatever I want to do. Some of the time it's development, and some of the time it's just goofing off.
I'm never satisfied because I've been always interested in too many things and I always want to do everything at once.
If any ideology is so serious that you can't have fun while you're doing it, it's probably too serious.
If you're a large corporation, you can afford to pay the money to register patents, but if you're an individual like me, you can't.
Many days I don't write any code at all, and some days I spend all day writing code.
One of the very basic ideas of Post-Modernism is rejection of arbitrary power structures. Different people are sensitive to different kinds of power structures.
Perl was designed to work more like a natural language. It's a little more complicated but there are more shortcuts, and once you learned the language, it's more expressive.
Post-Modernism was a reaction against Modernism. It came quite early to music and literature, and a little later to architecture. And I think it's still coming to computer science.
Programmers can be lazy.
Some of modern engineering is necessary to good art. But I think of myself is a cultural artist.
Somebody out there is going to do something that's far more surprising than anything that I would do. I was surprised by the whole web thing in the first place.
The Harvard Law states: Under controlled conditions of light, temperature, humidity, and nutrition, the organism will do as it damn well pleases.
The problems that I really like to solve are our cultural problems.
The three chief virtues of a programmer are: Laziness, Impatience and Hubris.
The world has become a larger place. The universe has been expanding, and Perl's been expanding along with the universe.
There is no schedule. We are all volunteers, so we get it done when we get it done. Perl 5 still works fine, and we plan to take the right amount of time on Perl 6.
To be a good artist, you have to serve the work of art and allow it to be what it is supposed to be.
We all agree on the necessity of compromise. We just can't agree on when it's necessary to compromise.
We are so Post-Modern that we don't realize how Post-Modern we are anymore.
When I announced the development of Perl 6, I said it was going to be a community design. I designed Perl, myself. It's limited by my own brain power. So I wanted Perl 6 to be a community design.
Younger hackers are hard to classify. They're probably just as diverse as the old hackers are. We're all over the map.
He who lives by the sword, die by the sword
Next to being married, a girl likes to be crossed in love a little now and then.
Pretend inferiority and encourage his arrogance.
Regard your soldiers as your children, and they will follow you into the deepest valleys; look on them as your own beloved sons, and they will stand by you even unto death.
Opportunities multiply as they are seized.
Supreme excellence consists in breaking the enemy's resistance without fighting.
War is based on deception.
The art of war teaches us to rely not on the likelihood of the enemy's not coming, but on our own readiness to receive him; not on the chance of his not attacking, but rather on the fact that we have made our position unassailable.
Strategy without tactics is the slowest route to victory. Tactics without strategy is the noise before defeat.
You have to believe in yourself.
Let your plans be dark and as impenetrable as night, and when you move, fall like a thunderbolt.
Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win.
If you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles.
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
Know thy self, know thy enemy. A thousand battles, a thousand victories.
Be extremely subtle, even to the point of formlessness. Be extremely mysterious, even to the point of soundlessness. Thereby you can be the director of the opponent's fate.
Invincibility lies in the defence; the possibility of victory in the Attack.
Prohibit the taking of omens, and do away with superstitious doubts. Then, until death itself comes, no calamity need be feared.
If you are far from the enemy, make him believe you are near.
The good fighters of old first put themselves beyond the possibility of defeat, and then waited for an opportunity of defeating the enemy.
Thus, what is of supreme importance in war is to attack the enemy's strategy.
For to win one hundred victories in one hundred battles is not the acme of skill. To subdue the enemy without fighting is the acme of skill.
There has never been a protracted war from which a country has benefited.
All warfare is based on deception. Hence, when able to attack, we must seem unable; when using our forces, we must seem inactive; when we are near, we must make the enemy believe we are far away; when far away, we must make him believe we are near.
All war is deception.
The one who figures on victory at headquarters before even doing battle is the one who has the most strategic factors on his side.
If you know the enemy and know yourself, your victory will not stand in doubt; if you know Heaven and know Earth, you may make your victory complete.
The opportunity to secure ourselves against defeat lies in our own hands, but the opportunity of defeating the enemy is provided by the enemy himself.
He who knows when he can fight and when he cannot, will be victorious.
For them to perceive the advantage of defeating the enemy, they must also have their rewards.
Confront them with annihilation, and they will then survive; plunge them into a deadly situation, and they will then live. When people fall into danger, they are then able to strive for victory.
He who is prudent and lies in wait for an enemy who is not, will be victorious.
If ignorant both of your enemy and yourself, you are certain to be in peril.
All men can see these tactics whereby I conquer, but what none can see is the strategy out of which victory is evolved.
The skilful employer of men will employ the wise man, the brave man, the covetous man, and the stupid man.
In the practical art of war, the best thing of all is to take the enemy's country whole and intact; to shatter and destroy it is not so good.
There is no instance of a nation benefiting from prolonged warfare.
Thus it is that in war the victorious strategist only seeks battle after the victory has been won, whereas he who is destined to defeat first fights and afterwards looks for victory.
The enlightened ruler is heedful, and the good general full of caution.
Secret operations are essential in war; upon them the army relies to make its every move.
Hence that general is skilful in attack whose opponent does not know what to defend; and he is skilful in defense whose opponent does not know what to attack.
The general who wins the battle makes many calculations in his temple before the battle is fought. The general who loses makes but few calculations beforehand.
Do not press an enemy at bay.
The skillful leader subdues the enemy's troops without any fighting; he captures their cities without laying siege to them; he overthrows their kingdom without lengthy operations in the field. With his forces intact he disputes the mastery of the emp
A kingdom that has once been destroyed can never come again into being; nor can the dead ever be brought back to life.
A wise general makes a point of foraging of the enemy.
When envoys are sent with compliments in their mouths, it is a sign that the enemy wishes for a truce.
The art of giving orders is not to try to rectify the minor blunders and not to be swayed by petty doubts.
So there are five ways of knowing who will win. Those who know when to fight and when not to fight are victorious. Those who discern when to use many or few troops are victorious. Those whose upper and lower ranks have the same desire are victorious.
It is essential to seek out enemy agents who have come to conduct espionage against you and to bribe them to serve you. Give them instructions and care for them. Thus doubled agents are recruited and used.
defeat the enemies strategy
The quality of decision is like the well-timed swoop of a falcon which enables it to strike and destroy its victim.
O divine art of subtlety and secrecy! Through you we learn to be invisible, through you inaudible and hence we can hold the enemy's fate in our hands.
There are not more than five musical notes, yet the combinations of these five give rise to more melodies than can ever be heard.
Now the reason the enlightened prince and the wise general conquer the enemy whenever they move and their achievements surpass those of ordinary men is foreknowledge.
If our soldiers are not overburdened with money, it is not because they have a distaste for riches; if their lives are not unduly long, it is not because they are disinclined to longevity.
The general who advances without coveting fame and retreats without fearing disgrace, whose only thought is to protect his country and do good service for his sovereign, is the jewel of the kingdom.
The ultimate in disposing one's troops is to be without ascertainable shape. Then the most penetrating spies cannot pry in nor can the wise lay plans against you.
So the important thing in a military operation is victory, not persistence.
To perceive victory when it is known to all is not really skilful. Everyone calls victory in battle good, but it is not really good.
In peace prepare for war, in war prepare for peace. The art of war is of vital importance to the state. It is matter of life and death, a road either to safety or to ruin. Hence under no circumstances can it be neglected.
It is imperative to contest all factions for complete victory, so the army is not garrisoned and the profit can be total. This is the law of strategic siege.
The best victory is when the opponent surrenders of its own accord before there are any actual hostilities...It is best to win without fighting.
Therefore a victorious army first wins and then seeks battle; a defeated army first battles and then seeks victory.
According to my assessment, even if you have many more troops than others, how can that help you to victory?
Of all those in the army close to the commander none is more intimate than the secret agent; of all rewards none more liberal than those given to secret agents; of all matters none is more confidential than those relating to secret operations.
If fighting is sure to result in victory, then you must fight, even though the ruler forbid it; if fighting will not result is victory, then you must not fight, even at the ruler's bidding.
The proximity of an army causes prices to go up; and high prices cause people's substance to be drained away. When their substance is drained away, they will be afflicted by heavy exactions. With this loss of substance and exhaustion of strength, the homes of the people will be stripped bare, and their incomes dissipated.
One who sets the entire army in motion to chase an advantage will not attain it.
Unhappy is the fate of one who tries to win his battles and succeed in his attacks without cultivating the spirit of enterprise, for the result is waste of time and general stagnation.
The clever combatant imposes his will on the enemy, but does not allow the enemy's will to be imposed on him.
I know why it has the name "C" and "C++" for the languages: It's the grade of the language...
Tardiness often robs us opportunity, and the dispatch of our forces.
There is nothing more difficult to take in hand, more perilous to conduct or more uncertain in its success than to take the lead in the introduction of a new order of things.
Hatred is gained as much by good works as by evil.
Before all else, be armed.
The more sand that has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it.
There are three kinds of intelligence: one kind understands things for itself, the other appreciates what others can understand, the third understands neither for itself nor through others. This first kind is excellent, the second good, and the third kind useless.
Whosoever desires constant success must change his conduct with the times.
Men shrink less from offending one who inspires love than one who inspires fear.
He who wishes to be obeyed must know how to command.
There is no surer sign of decay in a country than to see the rites of religion held in contempt
So long as the great majority of men are not deprived of either property or honor, they are satisfied
And here comes in the question whether it is better to be loved rather than feared, or feared rather than loved. It might perhaps be answered that we should wish to be both; but since love and fear can hardly exist together, if we must choose between them, it is far safer to be feared than loved....I sum up by saying that since his being loved depends upon his subjects, while his being feared depends upon himself, [one] should build on what is his own, and not on what rests with others.
Men in general judge more from appearances than from reality. All men have eyes, but few have the gift of penetration
For as laws are necessary that good manners be preserved, so there is need of good manners that law may be maintained
War is just when it is necessary; arms are permissible when there is no hope except in arms.
Entrepreneurs are simply those who understand that there is little difference between obstacle and opportunity and are able to turn both to their advantage.
It is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both.
Men in general judge more by the sense of sight than by the sense of touch, because everyone can see, but only a few can test by feeling. Everyone sees what you seem to be, few know what you really are, and those few do not dare take a stand against the general opinion.
Of mankind we may say in general they are fickle, hypocritical, and greedy of gain.
There is no avoiding war; it can only be postponed to the advantage of others.
One who deceives will always find those who allow themselves to be deceived.
The promise given was a necessity of the past: the word broken is a necessity of the present.
God is not willing to do everything, and thus take away our free will and that share of glory which belongs to us
I'm not interested in preserving the status quo; I want to overthrow it.
Never was anything great achieved without danger
Politics have no relation to morals.
There is nothing more difficult to carry out, nor more doubtful of success, nor more dangerous to handle, that to institute a new order of things
Men are so simple and so much inclined to obey immediate needs that a deceiver will never lack victims for his deceptions
If an injury has to be done to a man it should be so severe that his vengeance need not be feared
A prince must imitate the fox and the lion, for the lion cannot protect himself from traps, and the fox cannot defend himself from wolves. One must therefore be a fox to recognize traps, and a lion to frighten wolves. Those that wish to be only lions do not understand this. Therefore, a prudent ruler ought not to keep faith when by so doing it would be against his interest, and when the reasons which made him bind himself no longer exist. If men were all good, this precept would not be a good one; but as they are bad, and would not observe their faith with you, so you are not bound to keep faith with them.
It is not titles that honor men, but men that honor titles.
The question is, then, do we try to make things easy on ourselves or do we try to make things easy on our customers, whoever they may be?
And if, to be sure, sometimes you need to conceal a fact with words, do it in such a way that it does not become known, or, if it does become known, that you have a ready and quick defense
Where the willingness is great the difficulties cannot be great
The new ruler must determine all the injuries that he will need to inflict. He must inflict them once and for all.
A wise ruler ought never to keep faith when by doing so it would be against his interests.
Men should be either treated generously or destroyed, because they take revenge for slight injuries - for heavy ones they cannot
Princes and governments are far more dangerous than other elements within society.
No enterprise is more likely to succeed than one concealed from the enemy until it is ripe for execution.
It is necessary for him who lays out a state and arranges laws for it to presuppose that all men are evil and that they are always going to act according to the wickedness of their spirits whenever they have free scope
Hence it comes about that all armed prophets have been victorious, and all unarmed prophets have been destroyed.
The wish to acquire more is admittedly a very natural and common thing; and when men succeed in this they are always praised rather than condemned. But when they lack the ability to do so and yet want to acquire more at all costs, they deserve condemnation for their mistakes.
Benefits should be conferred gradually; and in that way they will taste better
Men are more apt to be mistaken in their generalizations than in their particular observations.
Men rise from one ambition to another: first, they seek to secure themselves against attack, and then they attack others.
The one who adapts his policy to the times prospers, and likewise that the one whose policy clashes with the demands of the times does not.
Severities should be dealt out all at once, so that their suddenness may give less offense; benefits ought to be handed ought drop by drop, so that they may be relished the more.
We cannot attribute to fortune or virtue that which is achieved without either.
War should be the only study of a prince. He should consider peace only as a breathing-time, which gives him leisure to contrive, and furnishes as ability to execute, military plans.
The fact is that a man who wants to act virtuously in every way necessarily comes to grief among so many who are not virtuous.
A return to first principles in a republic is sometimes caused by the simple virtues of one man. His good example has such an influence that the good men strive to imitate him, and the wicked are ashamed to lead a life so contrary to his example.
A prince never lacks legitimate reasons to break his promise
It is better to be bold than too circumspect, because fortune is of a sex which likes not a tardy wooer and repulses all who are not ardent
Men sooner forget the death of their father than the loss of their patrimony.
A wise man will see to it that his acts always seem voluntary and not done by compulsion, however much he may be compelled by necessity.
There is no other way for securing yourself against flatteries except that men understand that they do not offend you by telling you the truth; but when everybody can tell you the truth, you fail to get respect
Men nearly always follow the tracks made by others and proceed in their affairs by imitation, even though they cannot entirely keep to the tracks of others or emulate the prowess of their models. So a prudent man should always follow in the footsteps of great men and imitate those who have been outstanding. If his own prowess fails to compare with theirs, at least it has an air of greatness about it. He should behave like those archers who, if they are skilful, when the target seems too distant, know the capabilities of their bow and aim a good deal higher than their objective, not in order to shoot so high but so that by aiming high they can reach the target.
For the great majority of mankind are satisfied with appearance, as though they were realities and are often more influenced by the things that seem than by those that are
According to Jim the sequence of Blob creation is as follows: 1. Barry Robinson, my boss at DEC, was prone to wandering around muttering "blobs, blobs, we gotta have blobs." When I asked what a blob was, he pointed out that I was the architect and that was my job.
According to Jim the sequence of Blob creation is as follows: 4. The retired bouncer hired to head the DSRI process rules that blobs were in, but had to be renamed "segmented strings" to avoid offending Clevelandites (or whatever).
According to Jim the sequence of Blob creation is as follows: 5. Much later, Terry McKiever, an Apollo marketing gnome, fell in love with the concept of blob, but felt the blob needed to be an acronym. She started calling them "basic large objects." Apollo never private labelled the product, so this should be irrelevant. Unfortunately, her ravings got the attention of Informix (I think) who announced that they would support "binary large objects" at some future time. The damage was done.
Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not; remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for.
Living with integrity means: Not settling for less than what you know you deserve in your relationships. Asking for what you want and need from others. Speaking your truth, even though it might create conflict or tension. Behaving in ways that are in harmony with your personal values. Making choices based on what you believe, and not what others believe.
If ever there is tomorrow when we're not together.. there is something you must always remember. you are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think. but the most important thing is, even if we're apart.. i'll always be with you.
The folks you help won't remember it and the folks you hurt won't ever forget it.
When we're incomplete, we're always searching for somebody to complete us. When, after a few years or a few months of a relationship, we find that we're still unfulfilled, we blame our partners and take up with somebody more promising. This can go on and on--series polygamy--until we admit that while a partner can add sweet dimensions to our lives, we, each of us, are responsible for our own fulfillment. Nobody else can provide it for us, and to believe otherwise is to delude ourselves dangerously and to program for eventual failure every relationship we enter.
Put your hand on a hot stove for a minute, and it seems like an hour. Sit with a pretty girl for an hour, and it seems like a minute. THAT'S relativity.
We used to think that if we knew one, we knew two, because one and one are two. We are finding that we must learn a great deal more about 'and.'
Love me when I least deserve it, because that's when I really need it.
As pascal shows, something proven is often better as some hype ;)
With risk there may be change; with change there must always be risk.
You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it.
Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.
Courage consists in the power of self-recovery.
You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control your attitude toward what happens to you, and in that, you will be mastering change rather than allowing it to master you.
Only the shallow know themselves.
I don't at all like knowing what people say of me behind my back. It makes me far too conceited.
You never find yourself until you face the truth
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments.
You cannot hate other people without hating your self
Write to be understood, speak to be heard, read to grow...
I went to a bookstore and asked the saleswoman, "Where's the self-help section?" She said if she told me, it would defeat the purpose
Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain but it takes character and self control to be understanding and forgiving.
With self-discipline most anything is possible.
Self-worth comes from one thing -- thinking that you are worthy.
All of the significant battles are waged within the self
Good government is no substitute for self-government
I am, indeed, a king, because I know how to rule myself.
The surest aid in combating the male's disease of self-contempt is to be loved by a clever woman.
I am afraid to show you who I really am, because if I show you who I really am, you might not like it--and that's all I got.
People often say that this or that person has not yet found himself. But the self is not something one finds, it is something one creates.
A man should first direct himself in the way he should go. Only then should he instruct others.
Self-disciplined begins with the mastery of your thoughts. If you don't control what you think, you can't control what you do. Simply, self-discipline enables you to think first and act afterward.
People love others not for who they are but for how they make them feel
They cannot take away our self-respect if we do not give it to them.
Be yourself, don't take anyone's shit, and never let them take you alive.
We talk of choosing our friends, but friends are self-elected
I have been a selfish being all my life, in practice, though not in principle.
Which painting in the National Gallery would I save if there was a fire? The one nearest the door of course.
Some cause happiness wherever they go; others whenever they go
How can a woman be expected to be happy with a man who insists on treating her as if she were a perfectly normal human being.
Not all those who wander are lost.
There is nothing like looking, if you want to find something. You certainly usually find something, if you look, but it is not always quite the something you were after.
You can only come to the morning through the shadows.
Fair speech may hide a foul heart.
The Road goes ever on and on down from the door where it began. Now far ahead the Road has gone, and I must follow, if I can, pursuing it with eager feet, until it joins some larger way where many paths and errands meet. And whither then? I cannot say.
Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement. For even the very wise cannot see all ends.
It is a dangerous business going out your front door.
It is the job that is never started that takes longest to finish.
The wise speak only of what they know.
Courage is found in unlikely places.
It does not do to leave a live dragon out of your calculations, if you live near him.
I have no help to send, therefore I must go myself.
A star shone at the hour of our meeting.
Remember what Bilbo used to say: It's a dangerous business, Frodo, going out your door. You step onto the road, and if you don't keep your feet, there's no knowing where you might be swept off to.
There are many powers in the world, for good or for evil. Some are greater than I am. Against some I have not yet been measured. But my time is coming.
All that is gold does not glitter, not all those who wander are lost; the old that is strong does not wither, deep roots are not reached by the frost. From the ashes a fire shall be woken, a light from the shadows shall spring; renenwed shall be blade that was broken, the crownless again shall be king.
I do not love the bright sword for it's sharpness, nor the arrow for it's swiftness, nor the warrior for his glory. I love only that which they defend
Let him not vow to walk in the dark, who has not seen the darkness fall.
It needs but one foe to breed a war, and those who have not swords can still die upon them
He who breaks a thing to find out what it is, has left the path of wisdom.
What do you mean? Do you wish me a good morning, or mean that it is a good morning whether I want it or not; or that you feel good on this morning; or that it is a morning to be good on?
I warn you, if you bore me, I shall take my revenge.
But that's not the way of it with the tales that really mattered, or the ones that stay in the mind. Folk seem to have just landed in them, usually - their paths were laid that way, as you put it. But I expect they had lots of chances, like us, of turning back, only they didn't. And if they had, we shouldn't know, because they'd have been forgotten. We hear about those as just went on - and not all to a good end, mind you; at least not to what folk inside a story and not outside it call a good end
I wish life was not so short, he thought. languages take such a time, and so do all the things one wants to know about.
Some who have read the book, or at any rate have reviewed it, have found it boring, absurd, or contemptible; and I have no cause to complain, since I have similar opinions of their works, or of the kinds of writing that they evidently prefer.
So comes snow after fire, and even dragons have their ending.
The wolf that one hears is worse than the orc that one fears.
What do you fear my lady? A cage. To stay behind bars until use and old age accept them and all chance of valor has gone beyond beyond recall or desire.
N-nothing important. That is, I heard a good deal about a ring, and a dark lord, and something about the end of the world, but please, Mr. Gandalf, sir, don't hurt me. Don't turn me into anything... unnatural.
If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.
Do not meddle in the affairs of Wizards, for they are subtle and quick to anger.
Lord Denethor is Boromir's father. To bring him news of his beloved son's death would be most unwise. And don't mention Frodo or the ring. And say nothing of Aragorn either. In fact, it's best if you don't speak at all, Peregrin Took.
Aragorn: Hold your ground, hold your ground. Sons of Gondor, of Rohan, my brothers. I see in your eyes the same fear that would take the heart of me. A day may come when the courage of men fails, when we forsake our friends and break all bonds of fellowship, but it is not this day. An hour of wolves and shattered shields, when the age of men comes crashing down, but it is not this day. This day we fight! By all that you hold dear on this good Earth, I bid you *stand, Men of the West!*
Fealty with love, Valor with honor, oathbreaking with vengeance.
One Ring to rule them all, One Ring to find them One Ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them
That is Shadowfax. He is cheif of the Maeras, lords of all horses, and not even Theoden, King of Rohan, has ever looked on a better. Does he not shine like silver, and run as smoothly as a swift stream?
Everything to me that is the most important, and the most moving in the book, they've gotten on the stage.
It's wisdom to recognize necessity, when all other courses have been weighed, though as folly it may appear to those who cling to false hope.
It must often be so, Sam, when things are in danger: someone has to give them up, lose them, so that others may keep them.
The world is full enough of hurts and mischance without wars to multiply them.
hope is not victory
The wide world is all about you; you can fence yourselves in, but you cannot forever fence it out.
Still round the corner there may wait, A new road or a secret gate.
He should not vow to walk in the dark, who has not seen the nightfall.
It's like things are in the world. Hopes fail. An end comes. We have only a little time to wait now.
She should not die, so young and beautiful. At least, she should not die alone.
But that's not the way of it with the tales that really mattered, or the ones that stay in the mind. Folk seem to have just landed in them, usually - their paths were laid that way, as you put it. But I expect they had lots of chances, like us, of turning back, only they didn't. And if they had, we shouldn't know, because they'd have been forgotten. We hear about those as just went on - and not all to a good end, mind you; at least not to what folk inside a story and not outside it call a good end
Then suddenly out of the gloom came a sharp hiss. 'What has it got in its pocketses?'
And it is not always good to be healed in body. Nor is it always evil to die in battle, even in bitter pain. Were I permitted, in this dark hour I would choose the latter.
A box without hinges, key, or lid, yet golden treasure inside is hid.
Now is the hour come, Riders of the Mark, sons of Eorl! Foes and fires are before you, and your homes far behind. Yet, though you fight upon an alien field, the glory that you reap there shall be your own forever. Oaths ye have taken: now fulfil them all, to lord and land and league of friendship!
I am told that I talk in shorthand and then smudge it.
I think we dream so we don't have to be apart so long. If we're in each other's dreams, we can be together all the time.
We're so busy watching out for what's just ahead of us that we don't take time to enjoy where we are.
Sometimes I think the surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that none of it has tried to contact us.
Life's disappointments are harder to take when you don't know any swear words.
Who was the first guy that look at a cow and said," I think that I'll drink whatever comes out of those things when I squeeze them?
People think it must be fun to be a super genius, but they don't realize how hard it is to put up with all the idiots in the world.
Well, remember what you said, because in a day or two, I'll have a witty and blistering retort! You'll be devastated THEN!
History is the fiction we invent to persuade ourselves that events are knowable and that life has order and direction.
I can't tell if that's funny or really scary.
Life is like topography, Hobbes. There are summits of happiness and success, flat stretches of boring routine, and valleys of frustration and failure.
You can't just turn on creativity like a faucet. You have to be in the right mood. What mood is that? Last-minute panic.
Careful. We don't want to learn from this.
County library? Reference desk, please. Hello? Yes, I need a word definition. Well, that's the problem. I don't know how to spell it and I'm not allowed to say it. Could you just rattle off all the swear words you know and I'll stop you when...Hello?
What fun is it being cool if you can't wear a sombrero?
Some days even my lucky rocketship underpants won't help.
Girls are like slugs. They serve some purpose but it's hard to imagine what.
"I've been thinking Hobbes --" "On a weekend?" "Well, it wasn't on purpose..."
Dad, how do soldiers killing each other solve the world's problems?
Do you think there is a God? ... Well, somebody's out to get me.
Don't walk away! I'm trying to apologize you dumb noodleloaf!
Talking with you is sort of the conversational equivalent of an out of body experience.
I wonder if I can grow fangs when my baby teeth fall out.
Unfortunately for my report, mom caught me and I didn't get to see how it ended.
Maybe then I can finish my book.
Success and failure are both difficult to endure. Along with success come drugs, divorce, fornication, bullying, travel, meditation, medication, depression, neurosis and suicide. With failure comes failure.
I had examined myself pretty thoroughly and discovered that I was unfit for military service.
Every writer I know has trouble writing.
Procastination is the thief of time.
I want to keep my dreams, even bad ones, because without them, I might have nothing all night long.
He had decided to live forever or die in the attempt.
The enemy is anybody who's going to get you killed, no matter which side he's on.
When I read something saying I've not done anything as good as "Catch-22" I'm tempted to reply, "Who has?"
There was only one catch and that was Catch-22, which specified that a concern for one's own safety in the face of dangers that were real and immediate was the process of a rational mind.
When I grow up I want to be a little boy.
Some people are born mediocre, some people achieve mediocrity, and some people have mediocrity thrust upon them.
He knew everything about literature except how to enjoy it.
He was a self-made man who owed his lack of success to nobody.
Frankly, I'd like to see the government get out of war altogether and leave the whole field to private industry.
Destiny is a good thing to accept when it's going your way. When it isn't, don't call it destiny; call it injustice, treachery, or simple bad luck.
I think in every country that there is at least one executive who is scared of going crazy.
But that was war. Just about all he could find in its favor was that it paid well and liberated children from the pernicious influence of their parents.
We do have a zeal for laughter in most situations, give or take a dentist.
The Lord gave us farmers two strong hands so we could grab as much as we could with both of them
Lots of people who complained about us receiving the MBE received theirs for heroism in the war - for killing people. We received ours for entertaining other people. I'd say we deserve ours more.
Rise above principal and do what's right.
Hungry Joe collected lists of fatal diseases and arranged them in alphabetical order so that he could put his finger without delay on any one he wanted to worry about.
Peace on earth would mean the end of civilization as we know it.
My drawings have been described as pre-intentionalist, meaning that they were finished before the ideas for them had occurred to me. I shall not argue the point.
I don't believe in miracles because it's been a long time since we've had any.
[(CNN) --] Everyone in my book accuses everyone else of being crazy, ... Frankly, I think the whole society is nuts -- and the question is: What does a sane man do in an insane society?
[Catch22] specified that a concern for one's safety ... was the process of a rational mind. Orr was crazy and could be grounded. All he had to do was ask, and as soon as he did, he would no longer be crazy and would have to fly more missions.
A large part of the public sentiment was my own, ... They saw an absurd quality, a mendacious quality in many of our political leaders and business leaders.
Programming is like sex: one mistake and you have to support it for the rest of your life.
It is practically impossible to teach good programming to students that have had a prior exposure to BASIC: as potential programmers they are mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration.
A crash is when your competitor's program dies. When your program dies, it is an 'idiosyncrasy'.
APL is a mistake, carried through to perfection. It is the language of the future for the programming techniques of the past: it creates a new generation of coding bums.
Crash programs fail because they are based on theory that, with nine women pregnant, you can get a baby in a month.
Don't blame me for the fact that competent programming, as I view it as an intellectual possibility, will be too difficult for 'the average programmer', you must not fall into the trap of rejecting a surgical technique because it is beyond the capabilities of the barber in his shop around the corner.
Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight.
Programming graphics in X is like finding the square root of PI using Roman numerals
Copying all or parts of a program is as natural to a programmer as breathing, and as productive. It ought to be as free.
I've always said my career is somewhere between children's programming and hard-core porn.
Who can afford to do professional work for nothing? What hobbyist can put 3-man years into programming, finding all bugs, documenting his product and distribute for free? The fact is, no one besides us has invested a lot of money in hobby software.
Object-oriented programming is an exceptionally bad idea which could only have originated in California.
Low-level programming is good for the programmer's soul.
Programming is not a zero-sum game. Teaching something to a fellow programmer doesn't take it away from you. I'm happy to share what I can, because I'm in it for the love of programming.
They don't watch programs anymore; they watch pieces of programs.
Computer science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes.
Program testing can be used to show the presence of bugs, but never to show their absence!
The question of whether a computer can think is no more interesting than the question of whether a submarine can swim.
The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should, therefore, be regarded as a criminal offense.
Progress is possible only if we train ourselves to think about programs without thinking of them as pieces of executable code.
If in physics there's something you don't understand, you can always hide behind the uncharted depths of nature. You can always blame God. You didn't make it so complex yourself. But if your program doesn't work, there is no one to hide behind. You cannot hide behind an obstinate nature. If it doesn't work, you've messed up.
Don't blame me for the fact that competent programming, as I view it as an intellectual possibility, will be too difficult for 'the average programmer', you must not fall into the trap of rejecting a surgical technique because it is beyond the capabilities of the barber in his shop around the corner.
APL is a mistake, carried through to perfection. It is the language of the future for the programming techniques of the past: it creates a new generation of coding bums.
The effort of using machines to mimic the human mind has always struck me as rather silly. I would rather use them to mimic something better.
Often people, especially computer engineers, focus on the machines. They think, "By doing this, the machine will run faster. By doing this, the machine will run more effectively. By doing this, the machine will something something something." They are focusing on machines. But in fact we need to focus on humans, on how humans care about doing programming or operating the application of the machines. We are the masters. They are the slaves.
Focused, hard work is the real key to success. Keep your eyes on the goal, and just keep taking the next step towards completing it. If you aren't sure which way to do something, do it both ways and see which works better.
Focus is a matter of deciding what things you're not going to do.
It's nice to have a game that sells a million copies.
Think of what we, and others, are doing as building the largest roller coaster in the world. Rocket science is mythologized out of whack with its difficulty. Nine out of 10 people will fail, but one of us will eventually get through.
Note to self: Pasty-skinned programmers ought not stand in the Mojave desert for multiple hours.
I'd rather have a search engine or a compiler on a deserted island than a game.
The speed of light sucks.
Everybody's saturated with the marketing hype of next-generation consoles. They are wonderful, but the truth is that they are as powerful as a high end PC is right now.
Sony sort of takes this position where, [they say] 'Okay, it's going to be difficult, maybe its going to suck to do this, but the good game developers are going to suck it up and make it work.' There's some truth to that, ... There will be the developers that go ahead and have a miserable time and do get good performance out of some of these multi-core approaches. And Cell is worse than others in some respects, here.
Every program has (at least) two purposes: The one for which it was written and another for which it wasn't.
The string is a stark data structure and everywhere it is passed there is much duplication of process. It is a perfect vehicle for hiding information.
Don't have good ideas if you aren't willing to be responsible for them.
Computer Science is embarrassed by the computer.
It goes against the grain of modern education to teach students to program. What fun is there to making plans, acquiring discipline, organizing thoughts, devoting attention to detail, and learning to be self critical.
If you have a procedure with 10 parameters, you probably missed some.
Fools ignore complexity. Pragmatists suffer it. Some can avoid it. Geniuses remove it.
Symmetry is a complexity-reducing concept (co-routines include subroutines); seek it everywhere.
We toast the Lisp programmer who pens his thoughts within nests of parentheses.
I think it is inevitable that people program poorly. Training will not substantially help matters. We have to learn to live with it.
You can measure a programmer's perspective by noting his attitude on the continuing vitality of FORTRAN.
In a 5 year period we get one superb programming language - only we can't control when the 5 year period will begin.
A picture is worth 10K words - but only those to describe the picture. Hardly any sets of 10K words can be adequately described with pictures.
There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works.
The computing field is always in need of new cliches.
If a listener nods his head when you're explaining your program, wake him up.
It is easier to write an incorrect program than understand a correct one.
A programming language is low level when its programs require attention to the irrelevant.
When someone says "I want a programming language in which I need only say what I wish done," give him a lollipop.
Lisp programmers know the value of everything and the cost of nothing.
In computing, turning the obvious into the useful is a living definition of the word "frustration".
It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice versa.
If your computer speaks English, it was probably made in Japan.
In software systems it is often the early bird that makes the worm.
A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in God.
Is it possible that software is not like anything else, that it is meant to be discarded: that the whole point is to always see it as a soap bubble?
Simplicity does not precede complexity, but follows it.
The best book on programming for the layman is "Alice in Wonderland"; but that's because it's the best book on anything for the layman.
Some programming languages manage to absorb change, but withstand progress.
Syntactic sugar causes cancer of the semicolon.
Friends show their love - in times of trouble, not in happiness
No one is in control of your happiness but you; therefore, you have the power to change anything about yourself or your life that you want to change.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.
Don't marry the person you think you can live with; marry only the individual you think you can't live without.
The one thing children wear out faster than shoes is parents.
The more anger towards the past you carry in your heart, the less capable you are of loving in the present.
People do not seem to realize that their opinion of the world is also a confession of character.
Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain but it takes character and self control to be understanding and forgiving.
Success builds character, failure reveals it
A man travels the world in search of what he needs and returns home to find it.
May you have love that never ends, lots of money and lots of friends. Health be yours, whatever you do and may God send many blessings to you.
Always do what you are afraid to do.
The key to change... is to let go of fear.
Fear of failure must never be a reason not to try something.
You don't develop courage by being happy in your relationships everyday. You develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity.
Whenever you're in conflict with someone, there is one factor that can make the difference between damaging your relationship and deepening it. That factor is attitude.
The quality of your life is the quality of your relationships.
The decision to kiss for the first time is the most crucial in any love story. It changes the relationship of two people much more strongly than even the final surrender; because this kiss already has within it that surrender.
I told my psychiatrist that everyone hates me. He said I was being ridiculous - everyone hasn't met me yet.
I haven't spoken to my wife in years. I didn't want to interrupt her.
I could tell my parents hated me. My bath toys were a toaster and a radio.
I was so poor growing up - if I wasn't a boy - I'd have had nothing to play with
With me, nothing goes right. My psychiatrist said my wife and I should have sex every night. Now, we'll never see each other!
On Halloween, the parents sent their kids out looking like me.
I went to a fight the other night, and a hockey game broke out.
My marriage is on the rocks again, yeah, my wife just broke up with her boyfriend
I was such an ugly kid - When I played in the sandbox, the cat kept covering me up
My wife wants sex in the back of the car and she wants me to drive.
If it wasn't for pick-pockets I'd have no sex life at all.
I found there was only one way to look thin, hang out with fat people.
My wife and I were happy for 20 years. Then we met.
My wife was afraid of the dark... then she saw me naked and now she's afraid of the light.
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion. He said okay, you're ugly too.
I saved a girl from being attacked last night. I controlled myself.
I looked up my family tree and found three dogs using it.
girl phoned me the other day and said .... Come on over, there's nobody home. I went over. Nobody was home.
When I was a kid my parents moved a lot, but I always found them.
Some dog I got too. We call him Egypt. Because in every room he leaves a pyramid.
I met the surgeon general - he offered me a cigarette.
We sleep in separate rooms, we have dinner apart, we take separate vacations - we're doing everything we can to keep our marriage together.
I was so ugly my mother used to feed me with a sling shot.
I remember the time I was kidnapped and they sent a piece of my finger to my father. He said he wanted more proof.
It's tough to stay married. My wife kisses the dog on the lips, yet she won't drink from my glass.
I came from a real tough neighborhood. I put my hand in some cement and felt another hand.
One year they wanted to make me poster boy - for birth control
I'm at the age where food has taken the place of sex in my life. In fact, I've just had a mirror put over my kitchen table.
What a dog I got, his favorite bone is in my arm.
When I was born I was so ugly the doctor slapped my mother.
I told my wife the truth. I told her I was seeing a psychiatrist. Then she told me the truth: that she was seeing a psychiatrist, two plumbers, and a bartender.
I'm so ugly - My father carries around a picture of the kid who came with his wallet
My mother never breast-fed me. She told me she liked me as a friend.
I had plenty of pimples as a kid. One day I fell asleep in the library. When I woke up, a blind man was reading my face.
My uncle's dying wish - he wanted me on his lap. He was in the electric chair.
My cousins gay, he went to London only to find out that Big Ben was a clock.
I get no respect. The way my luck is running, if I was a politician I would be honest.
My wife's jealousy is getting ridiculous. The other day she looked at my calendar and wanted to know who May was.
I'm so ugly - My mother had morning sickness - After I was born
What a kid I got, I told him about the birds and the bee and he told me about the butcher and my wife.
My wife is always trying to get rid of me. The other day she told me to put the garbage out. I said to her I already did. She told me to go and keep an eye on it.
I'm so ugly - I worked in a pet shop, and people kept asking how big I'd get
I drink too much. The last time I gave a urine sample it had an olive in it.
Most of the arguments to which I am party fall somewhat short of being impressive, knowing to the fact that neither I nor my opponent knows what we are talking about
This morning when I put on my underwear I could hear the fruit-of-the-loom guys laughing at me.
I told my dentist my teeth are going yellow. he told me to wear a brown tie.
With my wife I don't get no respect. I made a toast on her birthday to 'the best woman a man ever had.' The waiter joined me.
I have good looking kids. Thank goodness my wife cheats on me.
At twenty a man is full of fight and hope. He wants to reform the world. When he is seventy he still wants to reform the world, but he know he can't.
Life is just a bowl of pits.
At my age, I'm envious of a stiff wind.
Men who do things without being told draw the most wages.
They change the sheets every day... from one bed to another.
I'm taking Viagra and drinking prune juice - I don't know if I'm coming or going.
I looked up my family tree and found out I was the sap.
Yeah, I know I'm ugly... I said to a bartender, 'Make me a zombie.' He said 'God beat me to it.'
It had to be hammered home quite a bit because I didn't see any humour in my life at all.
fans have been writing in asking why the show hasn't made a return. Bosses felt it was the right time.
yambch - Yet Another Mysql Bug that Caused me an Headache
I believe cats to be spirits come to earth. A cat, I am sure, could walk on a cloud without coming through.
Anything one man can imagine, other men can make real
The sea is everything. It covers seven tenths of the terrestrial globe. Its breath is pure and healthy. It is an immense desert, where man is never lonely, for he feels life stirring on all sides.
Science, my lad, is made up of mistakes, but they are mistakes which it is useful to make, because they lead little by little to the truth.
He believed in it, as certain good women believe in the leviathan--by faith, not by reason.
The resolutions passed at the last meeting produced a great effect out of doors. Timid people took fright at the idea of a shot weighing 20,000 pounds being launched into space; they asked what cannon could ever transmit a sufficient velocity to such a mighty mass.
We may brave human laws, but we cannot resist natural ones.
To those who were not familiar with the motions of the moon, they demonstrated that she possesses two distinct motions, the first being that of rotation upon her axis, the second being that of revolution round the earth, accomplishing both together in an equal period of time, that is to say, in twenty-seven and one-third days.
Ah, pierce me 100 times with your needles fine and I will thank you 100 times, Saint Morphine, you who Aeseulapus has made a God.
Was I to believe him in earnest in his intention to penetrate to the centre of this massive globe? Had I been listening to the mad speculations of a lunatic, or to the scientific conclusions of a lofty genius? Where did truth stop? Where did error begin?
Liberty is worth paying for ...
This forcible abduction, so roughly carried out, was accomplished with the rapidity of lightning. I shivered all over. Whom had we to deal with? No doubt some new sort of pirates, who explored the sea in their own way. Hardly had the narrow panel closed upon me, when I was enveloped in darkness.
The Nautilus was piercing the water with its sharp spur, after having accomplished nearly ten thousand leagues in three months and a half, a distance greater than the great circle of the earth. Where were we going now, and what was reserved for the future?
It was all very well for an Englishman like Mr. Fogg to make the tour of the world with a carpet-bag; a lady could not be expected to travel comfortably under such conditions.
Everybody knows that the great reversed triangle of land, with its base in the north and its apex in the south, which is called India, embraces fourteen hundred thousand square miles, upon which is spread unequally a population of one hundred and eighty millions of souls.
On the morrow the horizon was covered with clouds- a thick and impenetrable curtain between earth and sky, which unhappily extended as far as the Rocky Mountains. It was a fatality!
He rose at thirteen minutes to one, and directed his steps towards the large hall, a sumptuous apartment adorned with lavishly-framed paintings. A flunkey handed him an uncut Times, which he proceeded to cut with a skill which betrayed familiarity with this delicate operation.
We were alone. Where, I could not say, hardly imagine. All was black, and such a dense black that, after some minutes, my eyes had not been able to discern even the faintest glimmer.
On the 31st of October, at ten o'clock in the morning, the troop disembarked on the quays of Tampa Town; and one may imagine the activity which pervaded that little town, whose population was thus doubled in a single day.
The way of describing this unlooked-for scene, the history of the patriot ship, told at first so coldly, and the emotion with which this strange man pronounced the last words, the name of the Avenger, the significance of which could not escape me, all impressed itself deeply on my mind. My eyes did not leave the Captain, who, with his hand stretched out to sea, was watching with a glowing eye the glorious wreck.
It swam crossways in the direction of the Nautilus with great speed, watching us with its enormous staring green eyes. Its eight arms, or rather feet, fixed to its head, that have given the name of cephalopod to these animals, were twice as long as its body, and were twisted like the furies' hair.
How much further can we go? What are the final frontiers in this quest for travel? Will humankind only be satisfied when journeys into space become readily available and affordable?
Travel enables us to enrich our lives with new experiences, to enjoy and to be educated, to learn respect for foreign cultures, to establish friendships, and above all to contribute to international cooperation and peace throughout the world.
It is not so much our friends' help that helps us as the confident knowledge that they will help us.
What's the message in Metallica? There is no message, but if there was a message, it really should be look within yourself, don't listen to me, don't listen to James, don't listen to anybody, look within yourself for the answers.
As long as it says Metallica on the record it's Metallica.
Fascism should more appropriately be called Corporatism because it is a merger of state and corporate power
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
Where there is shouting, there is no true knowledge.
The noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding.
As a well spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death.
The eye sees a thing more clearly in dreams than the imagination awake.
I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do.
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
There are three classes of people: those who see. Those who see when they are shown. Those who do not see.
I love those who can smile in trouble, who can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection.
The greatest deception men suffer is from their own opinions.
While I thought that I was learning how to live, I have been learning how to die.
Our life is made by the death of others.
If you are alone you belong entirely to yourself. If you are accompanied by even one companion you belong only half to yourself, or even less, in proportion to the thoughtlessness of his conduct; and if you have more than one companion you will fall more deeply into the same plight.
Art is never finished, only abandoned.
A well-spent day brings happy sleep
Where the spirit does not work with the hand there is no art
Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it.
You can have no dominion greater or less than that over yourself.
Iron rusts from disuse; water loses its purity from stagnation ... even so does inaction sap the vigour of the mind.
The depth and strength of a human character are defined by its moral reserves. People reveal themselves completely only when they are thrown out of the customary conditions of their life, for only then do they have to fall back on their reserves.
It's easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.
Learning never exhausts the mind
Nature never breaks her own laws
Blinding ignorance does mislead us. O! Wretched mortals, open your eyes!
Water is the driving force of all nature.
He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind.
In rivers, the water that you touch is the last of what has passed and the first of that which comes; so with present time.
Beyond a doubt truth bears the same relation to falsehood as light to darkness.
As every divided kingdom falls, so every mind divided between many studies confounds and saps itself.
Even the richest soil, if left uncultivated will produce the rankest weeds.
He who does not punish evil commands it to be done.
You do ill to praise, but worse to censure, what you do not understand
Marriage is like putting your hand into a bag of snakes in the hope of pulling out an eel.
Iron rusts from disuse, stagnant water loses its purity, and in cold weather becomes frozen, even so does inaction sap the vigors of the mind.
As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so life well used brings happy death.
There shall be wings! If the accomplishment be not for me, 'tis for some other.
He who wishes to be rich in a day will be hanged in a year
The human foot is a masterpiece of engineering and a work of art.
The truth of things is the chief nutriment of superior intellects.
All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions.
The function of muscle is to pull and not to push, except in the case of the genitals and the tongue.
Who sows virtue reaps honor.
He who loves practice without theory is like the sailor who boards ship without a rudder and compass and never knows where he may cast.
The smallest feline is a masterpiece.
I have wasted my hours
Human subtlety will never devise an invention more beautiful, more simple or more direct than does nature because in her inventions nothing is lacking, and nothing is superfluous.
Life well spent is long.
People react to fear, not love - they don't teach that in Sunday School, but it's true.
Learning acquired in youth arrests the evil of old age; and if you understand that old age has wisdom for its food, you will so conduct yourself in youth that your old age will not lack for nourishment.
Just as iron rusts from disuse, even so does inaction spoil the intellect.
He turns not back who is bound to a star
I have offended God and mankind because my work didn't reach the quality it should have.
The part always has a tendency to reunite with its whole in order to escape from its imperfection.
Men of lofty genius when they are doing the least work are most active.
Thirst will parch your tongue and your body will waste through lack of sleep ere you can describe in words that which painting instantly sets before the eye
Every now and then go away, have a little relaxation, for when you come back to your work your judgment will be surer. Go some distance away because then the work appears smaller and more of it can be taken in at a glance and a lack of harmony and proportion is more readily seen.
Just as courage imperils life, fear protects it.
Common Sense is that which judges the things given to it by other senses.
Painting is poetry that is seen rather than felt, and poetry is painting that is felt rather than seen
Experience does not err. Only your judgments err by expecting from her what is not in her power.
The most praiseworthy form of painting is one that most resembles what it imitates.
The desire to know is natural to good men.
I roamed the countryside searching for answers to things I did not understand. Why thunder lasts longer than that which causes it, and why immediately on its creation the lightning becomes visible to the eye while thunder requires time to travel.
The men of experiment are like the ant; they only collect and use. But the bee . . . gathers its materials from the flowers of the garden and of the field, but transforms and digests it by a power of its own.
Experience does not ever err; it is only your judgment that errs in promising itself results which are not caused by your experiments
A good painter is to paint two main things, men and the working of man's mind.
Intellectual passion drives out sensuality
Many have made a trade of delusions and false miracles, deceiving the stupid multitude.
Patience serves as a protection against wrongs as clothes do against cold. For if you put on more clothes as the cold increases, it will have no power to hurt you. So in like manner you must grow in patience when you meet with great wrongs, and they
Wisdom is the daughter of experience.
Thou, O God, dost sell us all good things at the price of labor
The art of procreation and the members employed therein are so repulsive, that if it were not for the beauty of the faces and the adornments of the actors and the pent-up impulse, nature would lose the human species.
Anyone who conducts an argument by appealing to authority is not using his intelligence he is just using his memory
Just as eating contrary to the inclination is injurious to the health, so study without desire sports the memory, and it retains nothing that it takes in.
No member needs so great a number of muscles as the tongue; this exceeds all the rest in the number of its movements
Nature is full of infinite causes that have never occurred in experience.
Although nature commences with reason and ends in experience it is necessary for us to do the opposite, that is to commence with experience and from this to proceed to investigate the reason.
The poet ranks far below the painter in the representation of visible things, and far below the musician in that of invisible things.
Nothing can be love or hated unless it is first known.
I have learned from an early age to abjured the use of meat, and the time will come when men such as I will look upon the murder of animals as they now look upon the murder of men
Obstacles cannot crush me. Every obstacle yields to stern resolve. He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind.
When once you have tasted flight, you will forever walk the earth with your eyes turned skyward, for there you have been, and there you will always long to return.
Intellectual passion dries out sensuality.
RT @gadievron @beaker True life TCP confessions: "Forgive me father, for I have SYN'd. It's been 230 ms since my last retransmission..."
I have a great love and respect for religion, great love and respect for atheism. What I hate is agnosticism, people who do not choose.
A friend is someone who lets you have total freedom to be yourself.
<Cthon98> hey, if you type in your pw, it will show as stars <Cthon98> ********* see! <AzureDiamond> hunter2 <AzureDiamond> doesnt look like stars to me <Cthon98> <AzureDiamond> ******* <Cthon98> thats what I see <AzureDiamond> oh, really? <Cthon98> Absolutely <AzureDiamond> you can go hunter2 my hunter2-ing hunter2 <AzureDiamond> haha, does that look funny to you? <Cthon98> lol, yes. See, when YOU type hunter2, it shows to us as ******* <AzureDiamond> thats neat, I didnt know IRC did that <Cthon98> yep, no matter how many times you type hunter2, it will show to us as ******* <AzureDiamond> awesome! <AzureDiamond> wait, how do you know my pw? <Cthon98> er, I just copy pasted YOUR ******'s and it appears to YOU as hunter2 cause its your pw <AzureDiamond> oh, ok.
The guy who thought of that should be shot, hanged, guillotined and poisoned. (you pick your order)
Finding the right Question is more valuable and rewarding than finding the right Answer.
Fall seven times, stand up eight.
I'm a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it.
The race is not always to the swift, but to those who keep on running.
Dare to be Great
Winners never quit and quitters never win.
I hated every minute of training, but I said, ''Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.''
The difference between try and triumph is a little umph.
Men are made stronger on realization that the helping hand they need is at the end of their own arm.
Saints are sinners who kept on going.
With ordinary talent and extraordinary perseverance, all things are attainable.
Do not look where you fell, but where you slipped.
Go to the edge of the cliff and jump off. Build your wings on the way down.
If you can do a half-assed job of anything, you're a one-eyed man in a kingdom of the blind.
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Fortune sides with he who dares.
The only certain means of success is to render more and better service than is expected of you, no matter what your task may be. This is a habit followed by all successful people since the beginning of time. Therefore I say the surest way to doom yourself to mediocrity is to perform only the work for which you are paid.
Stubbornly persist, and you will find that the limits of your stubbornness go well beyond the stubbornness of your limits.
Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you.
Sweat is the cologne of accomplishment.
Courage is not the lack of fear. It is acting in spite of it.
A great deal of talent is lost to the world for want of a little courage. Every day sends to their graves obscure men whose timidity prevented them from making a first effort.
A ship in harbor is safe, but that is not what ships are built for.
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
Some people dream of success while others wake up and work hard at it.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act but a habit.
Thousands of geniuses live and die undiscovered - either by themselves or by others.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful people could change the world. Indeed, it's the only thing that ever has.
I'd rather be a failure at something I enjoy than a success at something I hate.
If we are facing in the right direction, all we have to do is keep on walking.
When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
When the world says, "Give up," Hope whispers, "Try it one more time."
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome.
The hardest thing in life to learn is which bridge to cross and which to burn.
If not now, when? If not us, who?
Benjamin Franklin's Thirteen Virtues  1. Temperance. Eat not to dullness; drink not to elevation. 2. Silence. Speak not but what may benefit others or yourself; avoid trifling conversation. 3. Order. Let all your things have their places; let each part of your business have its time. 4. Resolution. Resolve to perform what you ought; perform without fail what you resolve. 5. Frugality. Make no expense but to do good to others or yourself; i.e., waste nothing. 6. Industry. Lose no time; be always employ'd in something useful; cut off all unnecessary actions. 7. Sincerity. Use no hurtful deceit; think innocently and justly, and, if you speak, speak accordingly. 8. Justice. Wrong none by doing injuries, or omitting the benefits that are your duty. 9. Moderation. Avoid extreams; forbear resenting injuries so much as you think they deserve. 10. Cleanliness. Tolerate no uncleanliness in body, cloaths, or habitation. 11. Tranquility. Be not disturbed at trifles, or at accidents common or unavoidable. 12. Chastity. Rarely use venery but for health or offspring, never to dulness, weakness, or the injury of your own or another's peace or reputation. 13. Humility. Imitate Jesus and Socrates.
If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the Up button.
The man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone to blame it on.
There is a place you can touch a woman that will drive her crazy. Her heart.
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not.
Girls are like phones. We love to be held, talked too but if you press the wrong button you'll be disconnected!
There are no stupid questions, just stupid people.
Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery.
Thousands of candles can be lit from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without.
All that we are is the result of what we have thought. The mind is everything. What we think we become.
You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger.
The whole secret of existence is to have no fear. Never fear what will become of you, depend on no one. Only the moment you reject all help are you freed.
No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path.
When you realize how perfect everything is you will tilt your head back and laugh at the sky
What we are today comes from our thoughts of yesterday, and our present thoughts build our life of tomorrow: Our life is the creation of our mind.
Jazz isn't dead. It just smells funny.
Information is not knowledge. Knowledge is not wisdom. Wisdom is not truth. Truth is not beauty. Beauty is not love. Love is not music. Music is THE BEST.
A casual stroll through the lunatic asylum shows that faith does not prove anything.
Change of Cast. - As soon as a religion comes to dominate it has as its opponents all those who would have been its first disciples.
Here's something to think about: How come you never see a headline like 'Psychic Wins Lottery'?
If Beethoven had been killed in a plane crash at the age of 22, it would have changed the history of music... and of aviation.
You create your opportunities by asking for them.
Marriage is a great institution, but I'm not ready for an institution yet.
I look at what the phone company does and do the opposite.
Some people like my advice so much that they frame it upon the wall instead of using it.
You cannot choose your battlefield, God does that for you; But you can plant a standard Where a standard never flew.
Man's right to know, to learn, to inquire, to make bona fide errors, to investigate human emotions must, by all means, be safe, if the word FREEDOM should ever be more than an empty political slogan.
There's no trick to being a humorist when you have the whole government working for you.
Remember, remember, the 5th of November The Gunpowder Treason and plot; I know of no reason why Gunpowder Treason Should ever be forgot.
I don't think that combat has ever been written about truthfully; it has always been described in terms of bravery and cowardice. I won't even accept these words as terms of human reference any more. And anyway, hell, they don't even apply to what, in actual fact, modern warfare has become.
Do not wait for the Last Judgment. It takes place every day.
The important thing is to pull yourself up by your own hair to turn yourself inside out and see the whole world with fresh eyes
To love another is something like prayer and it can't be planned, you just fall into its arms because your belief undoes your disbelief.
There's never been a true war that wasn't fought between two sets of people who were certain they were in the right. The really dangerous people believe they are doing whatever they are doing solely and only because it is without question the right thing to do. And that is what makes them dangerous.
To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life.
A moment comes, which comes but rarely in history, when we step out from the old to the new, when an age ends, and when the soul of a nation, long suppressed, finds utterance.
The deepest feeling always shows itself in silence; not in silence, but restraint.
We must face problems which do not lend themselves to easy or quick or permanent solutions. And we must face the fact that the United States is neither omnipotent nor omniscient, that we are only six percent of the world's population, that we cannot impose our will upon the other ninety-four percent of mankind, that we cannot right every wrong or reverse each adversity, and that therefore there cannot be an American solution to every world problem.
It requires twenty years for a man to rise from the vegetable state in which he is within his mother's womb, and from the pure animal state which is the lot of his early childhood, to the state when the maturity of reason begins to appear. It has required thirty centuries to learn a little about his structure. It would need eternity to learn something about his soul. It takes an instant to kill him.
To see a World in a Grain of Sand And a Heaven in a Wild Flower, Hold Infinity in the palm of your hand And Eternity in an hour.
All that is not eternal is eternally out of date.
The truth is, when all is said and done, one does not teach a subject, one teaches a student how to learn it.
If you give a good idea to a mediocre team they will screw it up; if you give a mediocre idea to a great team they will either fix it or throw it away and come up with something that works
I do not suffer from Misanthropy, I suffer from the human race
I dream of a better tomorrow... where chickens can cross roads and not have their motives questioned
I'm never wrong. I once thought I was wrong, turns out, I was mistaken.
No one will win the battle of the sexes, there is too much flirting with the enemy
I am free of all prejudices. I hate everyone equally.
Last night I was looking at the stars and I wondered... where the hell's my ceiling!
I'm trying to see things from your point of view, but I can't get my head that far up your a**.
i'm one of those people that laughs at a joke 3 TIMES: >>ONCE when it's told to me >>ONCE when it's explained to me >>and >>ONCE 5 minutes later when i finally understand it
Whoever said nothing was impossible never tried slamming a revolving door.
When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the fire department generally uses water.
What happens if you get scared half to death twice???
Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy.
Never play leap frog with a unicorn
Sometimes my mind wanders; other times it leaves completely.
When life gives you lemons, make orange juice and leave the world wondering how the hell you did it.
I'm not a complete idiot, some parts are missing
A day without sunshine is like, night.
A rule of grammar: double negatives are a no-no
If everything seems to be going well, you have obviously overlooked something
If the grass is greener on the other side, you can bet the water bill is higher
Many people quit looking for work when they find a job
Don't tell me the sky is the limit when we've put footprints on the moo
Politicians and diapers need to be changed regularly, usually for the same reason.
Join the Army, meet interesting people, kill them.
For Sale: Parachute. Only used once, never opened, small stain.
I tried to put my head together but now my body is falling apart!!
A penny saved is a government oversight
The older you get, the tougher it is to lose weight, because by then your body and your fat have gotten to be really good friends.
The easiest way to find something lost around the house is to buy a replacement.
If you think there is good in everybody, you haven't met everybody.
The sole purpose of a child's middle name is so he can tell when he's really in trouble
Did you ever notice: When you put the 2 words 'The' and 'IRS' together it spells 'Theirs.'
Long ago when men cursed and beat the ground with sticks, it was called witchcraft. Today, it's called golf.
I say no to alcohol, it just doesn't listen.
Work is fine if it doesn't take too much of your time
Born free, taxed to death
Whether you think you can or can't, you're right
Everyone has a photographic memory, some just don't have film
Smile, it makes people wonder what you are thinking
The trouble with being punctual is that no one is there to appreciate it
In a country of free speech, why are there phone bills?
The cigarette does the smoking you are just the sucker.
Whenever I find the key to success, someone changes the lock
To err is human, to forgive is not a Company policy
The road to success..... Is always under construction
Alcohol doesn't solve any problems, but if you think again, neither does milk
In order to get a loan, you first need to prove that you don't need it
All the desirable things in life are either illegal, expensive, fattening or married to someone else
Silence is golden... duck tape is silver
By the time a man realizes that maybe his father was right, he usually has a son who thinks he's wrong
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship
The last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it's still on the list
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak
If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad
Children: You spend the first 2 years of their life teaching them to walk and talk. Then you spend the next 16 years telling them to sit down and shut-up
Having sex is like playing bridge. If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand
Evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism. To steal from many is research
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea... does that mean that one enjoys it?
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
Did you know that dolphins are so smart that within a few weeks of captivity, they can train people to stand on the very edge of the pool and throw them fish?
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks
I didn't fight my way to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing
I didn't say it was your fault, I said I was blaming you
I saw a woman wearing a sweat shirt with "Guess" on it...so I said "Implants?"
Good girls are bad girls that never get caught
Some people say "If you can't beat them, join them". I say "If you can't beat them, beat them", because they will be expecting you to join them, so you will have the element of surprise
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live
Laugh at your problems, everybody else does
Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won't expect it back
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip
Hospitality: making your guests feel like they're at home, even if you wish they were
When in doubt, mumble
Worrying works! 90% of the things I worry about never happen
Just remember...if the world didn't suck, we'd all fall off
Jesus loves you, but everyone else thinks you're an asshole
I like work. It fascinates me. I sit and look at it for hours
I should've known it wasn't going to work out between my ex-wife and me. After all, I'm a Libra and she's a bitch
I always take life with a grain of salt, ...plus a slice of lemon, ...and a shot of tequila.
Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat
There's a fine line between cuddling and holding someone down so they can't get away
I used to be indecisive. Now I'm not sure
You are such a good friend that if we were on a sinking ship together and there was only one life jacket... I'd miss you heaps and think of you often
I got in a fight one time with a really big guy, and he said, "I'm going to mop the floor with your face." I said, "You'll be sorry." He said, "Oh, yeah? Why?" I said, "Well, you won't be able to get into the corners very well."
Knowledge is power, and power corrupts. So study hard and be evil
Does this rag smell like chloroform to you?
A bargain is something you don't need at a price you can't resist
Some people hear voices.. Some see invisible people.. Others have no imagination whatsoever
A TV can insult your intelligence, but nothing rubs it in like a computer
If winning isn't everything why do they keep score?
Virginity is like a soapbubble, one prick and it is gone
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you!
A bus is a vehicle that runs twice as fast when you are after it as when you are in it
Hallmark Card: "I'm so miserable without you, it's almost like you're still here."
If you are supposed to learn from your mistakes, why do some people have more than one child
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be
Top 20 Replies by programmers when their program do not work:  20. That's weird ... 19. It's never done that before ... 18. It worked yesterday 17. How is it possible ? 16. It must be a hardware problem 15. What did you type it wrong to make it crash ? 14. There is something funky in your data 13. I haven't touched this module in weeks ! 12. You must have the wrong version 11. It's just unlucky coincidence 10. I can't test everything 9. THIS can't be the source of THAT 8. It works, but it haven't been tested 7. Somebody must have changed my code 6. Did you check for a virus in your system ? 5. Even though it does not work, how does it feel ? 4. You can't use that version on your system 3. Why do you want to do it that way ? 2. Where were you when the program blow up ? 1. It works on my machine
I do not have an off by one bugs, i'm just ahead of the buffer ...
The man who passes the sentence should swing the sword
Let us make a special effort to stop communicating with each other, so we can have some conversation.
A certain amount of opposition is a great help to a man; it is what he wants and must have to be good for anything. Hardship and opposition are the native soil of manhood and self-reliance.
The strongest possible piece of advice I would give any young woman is: Don't screw around, and don't smoke.
The law is not so much carved in stone as it is written in water, flowing in and out with the tide.
Get not your friends by bare compliments, but by giving them sensible tokens of your love.
Laughter is an instant vacation.
A handful of patience is worth more than a bushel of brains.
A child of five would understand this. Send someone to fetch a child of five.
I am patient with stupidity but not with those who are proud of it.
Life is like Stepping onto a boat which is about to sail out to sea and sink
May you live in interesting times, and attract the attention of important people.
Some would sooner die than think.  In fact, they often do.
And life itself confided this secret to me:  'Behold, it said, 'I am that which must always overcome itself.  Indeed, you call it a will to procreate or a drive to an end, to something higher, farther, more manifold....
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
Whenever you point your finger at someone, you have *3* pointed at yourself.
The tragedy of this life is not failure, but low aim.
Think universally, Act Selfishly
I have opinions of my own--strong opinions--but I don't always agree with them.
The state is the great fictitious entity by which everyone seeks to live at the expense of everyone else.
Anarchy means having to put up with things that really piss you off.
psychedelic drugs cause paranoia, confusion, and total loss of reality in politicians that have never taken them
There is no better argument against democracy than a five-minute conversation the common man
I said a lot of stupid things when I was with the Conservative Party, and I left them, because I did not want to go on saying stupid things.
Democracy is a form of government that substitutes election by the incompetent many for appointment by the corrupt few.
Spending on the military doesn't increase the deficit.
If ignorance ever goes to $40 a barrel, I want drillin' rights on that man's head.
There's a lot of uncertainty that's not clear in my mind.
Laws... so widely disobeyed and which cannot be enforced only promote disrespect for the law in general.
The word 'politics' is derived from the word 'poly,' meaning 'many,' and the word 'ticks,' meaning 'blood sucking parasites.'
Power which can be abused, will be abused.
The Pen is mightier than the Sword. The Court is mightier than the Pen. The Sword is mightier than the Court.
The penalty that good men pay for not being interested in politics is to be governed by men worse than themselves...
He's suffering from Politicians' Logic. Something must be done, this is something, therefore we must do it.
Outlawing drugs in order to solve drug problems is much like outlawing sex... to win the war against AIDS.
If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.
What right does Congress have to go around making laws just because they deem it necessary?
A billion dollars here and a billion dollars there soon added up to real money.
The question of whether a computer can think is no more interesting than the question of whether a submarine can swim.
Never mistake a clear view for a short distance
We cannot predict where, ultimately, the Computer Revolution will take us. All we know for certain is that, when we finally get there, we won't have enough RAM.
I admit that when I was in school I wrote COBOL. But I didn't compile.
A month in the laboratory can often save an hour in the library.
Computers are useless. All they can do is give you answers.
Along with the standard computer warranty agreement which said that if the machine   * didn't work,  * didn't do what the expensive advertisement said,  * electrocuted the immediate neighbourhood,  and in fact failed entirely to be  this was expressly, absolutely, implicitly and in no event the fault or responsibility of the manufacturer, that the purchaser should consider himself lucky to be allowed to give his money to the manufacturer, and that any attempt to treat what had just been paid for as the purchaser's own property would result in the attentions of serious men with menacing briefcases and very thin watches. 
Do not go gentle into that long, dark night but rage, rage against the dying of the light.
Zero defects:
There are bugs and then there are bugs. And then there are bugs.
A Consultant is a guy who knows 125 different ways to make love, but who doesn't know any women.
We're going to have tentacles into the PC-buying community that are going to get us closer and closer to the right answers.
Each time you toss out a "singing" greeting card, you are disposing of more computing power than existed in the entire world before 1950.
On two occasions I have been asked [by members of Parliament!], `Pray, Mr. Babbage, if you put into the machine wrong figures, will the right answers come out?'  I am not able rightly to apprehend the kind of confusion of ideas that could provoke such a question.
In fact, "atheism" is a term that should not even exist. No one ever needs to identify himself as a "non-astrologer" or a "non-alchemist." We do not have words for people who doubt that Elvis is still alive or that aliens have traversed the galaxy only to molest ranchers and their cattle. Atheism is nothing more than the noises reasonable people make in the presence of unjustified religious beliefs.
Consider it: every person you have ever met, every person will suffer the loss of his friends and family. All are going to lose everything they love in this world. Why would one want to be anything but kind to them in the meantime?
Theology is ignorance with wings
I have no special talent, I'm only passionatley courious.
One disk to rule them all, One disk to find them. One disk to bring them all and in the darkness grind them. In the Land of Redmond where the shadows lie.
I contend that we are both atheists. I just believe in one fewer god than you do. When you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods, you will understand why I dismiss yours
If the consumer price data confirm an acceleration in inflation then there's a real risk the bank could tighten as soon as November
Bigamy is having one wife too many. Monogamy is the same.
... when you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
The only way you can beat the lawyers is to die with nothing.
What is written without effort is in general read without pleasure.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
A psychiatrist is a fellow who asks you a lot of expensive questions your wife asks for nothing.
Only one thing, is impossible for god: to find any sense in any copyright law on the planet.
Let us so live that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry.
Beauty: The power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband.
Sex with love is the greatest thing in life. But sex without love - that's not so bad either.
I love flying. I've been to almost as many places as my luggage.
Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards.
Clinton lied. A man might forget where he parks or where he lives, but he never forgets oral sex, no matter how bad it is.
To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.
And lastly there is the oldest and deepest desire, the Great Escape: the Escape from Death.
One of the keys to happiness is a bad memory.
Mankind must put an end to war, or war will put an end to mankind.
The profession of book writing makes horse racing seem like a solid and stable business.
There ought to be one day - just one - when there is open season on senators.
Advice for the day: If you have a lot of tension and you get a headache, do what it says on the aspirin bottle: "Take two aspirin" and "Keep away from children"
If life were fair, Elvis would be alive and all the impersonators would be dead.
If it's the Psychic Network why do they need a phone number?
I was the first woman to burn my bra - it took the fire department four days to put it out.
Hockey is a sport for white men. Basketball is a sport for black men. Golf is a sport for white men dressed like black pimps.
Nature gave us one tongue and two ears so we could hear twice as much as we speak.
Two monologues do not make a dialogue.
They have come up with a perfect understanding. He won't try to run her life, and he won't try to run his, either
A little sincerity is a dangerous thing, and a great deal of it is absolutely fatal.
A man who marries a woman to educate her falls a victim to the same fallacy as the woman who marries a man to reform him.
All marriages are happy. It's living together afterwards that is difficult.
Bachelors know more about women than married men; if they didn't, they'd be married too.
By all means marry. If you get a good wife you will become happy, and if you get a bad one you will become a philosopher.
Getting divorced just because you don't love a man is almost as silly as getting married just because you do.
If it weren't for marriage, men and women would have to fight with total strangers
It is most unwise for people in love to marry.
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, and half shut afterwards.
Long engagements give people the opportunity of finding out each other's character before marriage, which is never advisable.
My wife and I tried to breakfast together, but we had to stop or our marriage would have been wrecked.
Never take a wife until you have a house (and a fire) to put her in.
We wanted proper outback: a place where men were men and sheep were nervous.
[a grizzly] can tear through a tree like a Jewish mother through self-esteem.
"NULLUS ANXIETAS" - Motto of the EcksEcksEcksEcks University,
(God) is my favourite fictional character.
I was being prosecuted for my beliefs.... I believed people wouldn't notice I'd sold them camels with plaster teeth until I was well out of town.
...plasma or LCD television panels large enough to deserve their own postcode...
Please don't eat me, I have wife and kids - eat them!
Don't blame me, *I* voted for Kodos
Television is a medium because anything well done is rare.
Why a man would want a wife is a big mystery to some people. Why a man would want two wives is a bigamystery.
There is not enough time to do all the nothing we want to do.
Judge: "Are you trying to show contempt for this court, Mr Smith?" F. E. Smith: "No, My Lord. I am attempting to conceal it."
Promises are like babies: fun to make, but hell to deliver.
The problem with political jokes is they get elected.
Marriage is give and take. You'd better give it to her or she'll take it anyway.
DNA - National Dyslexic Association
To retain respect for sausages and laws, one must not watch them in the making.
If you advertise you framework as "even an idiot can make a page in 30 minutes" you will end up with a lot of idiots writing pages in 30 minutes...
Treat the earth well: it was not given to you by your parents, it was loaned to you by your children.
I walk down the street. There is a deep hole in the sidewalk. I fall in. I am lost .... I am helpless. It isn't my fault. It takes forever to find a way out.  I walk down the street. There is a deep hole in the sidewalk. I pretend that I don't see it. I fall in again. I can't believe I am in this same place. But, it isn't my fault. It still takes a long time to get out.  I walk down the same street. There is a deep hole in the sidewalk. I see it is there. I still fall in ... it's a habit ... but, my eyes are open. I know where I am. It is my fault. I get out immediately.  I walk down the same street. There is a deep hole in the sidewalk. I walk around it.  I walk down another street
I see a glass and a liquid, and I choose how to look at it, and use it
There are only two hard things in Computer Science: cache invalidation, naming things and off-by-one errors.
Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple.
Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.
The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go.
A person's a person, no matter how small.
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, Nothing is going to get better. It's not.
Being crazy isn't enough.
Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, it's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope.
I have heard there are troubles of more than one kind. Some come from ahead and some come from behind. But I've bought a big bat. I'm all ready you see. Now my troubles are going to have troubles with me!
From there to here, from here to there, funny things are everywhere!
Think left and think right and think low and think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!
If things start happening, don't worry, don't stew, just go right along and you'll start happening too.
I meant what I said and I said what I meant. An elephant's faithful one-hundred percent!
You're off to Great Places! Today is your day! Your mountain is waiting, So... get on your way!
How did it get so late so soon?
Today was good. Today was fun. Tomorrow is another one.
If you never did you should. These things are fun and fun is good.
So be sure when you step, Step with care and great tact. And remember that life's A Great Balancing Act. And will you succeed? Yes! You will, indeed! (98 and  percent guaranteed) Kid, you'll move mountains.
Why fit in when you were born to stand out?
All alone! Whether you like it or not, alone is something you'll be quite a lot!
When beetles fight these battles in a bottle with their paddles and the bottle's on a poodle and the poodle's eating noodles... ...they call this a muddle puddle tweetle poodle beetle noodle bottle paddle battle.
Only you can control your future.
You'll miss the best things if you keep your eyes shut.
They say I'm old-fashioned, and live in the past, but sometimes I think progress progresses too fast!
You can get help from teachers, but you are going to have to learn a lot by yourself, sitting alone in a room.
I'm afraid that sometimes you'll play lonely games too. Games you can't win 'cause you'll play against you.
I'm glad we had the times together just to laugh and sing a song, seems like we just got started and then before you know it, the times we had together were gone.
ASAP. Whatever that means. It must mean, 'Act swiftly awesome pacyderm!
And the Grinch, with his Grinch-feet ice cold in the snow, stood puzzling and puzzling, how could it be so? It came without ribbons. It came without tags. It came without packages, boxes or bags. And he puzzled and puzzled 'till his puzzler was sore. Then the Grinch thought of something he hadn't before. What if Christmas, he thought, doesn't come from a store. What if Christmas, perhaps, means a little bit more.
Think and wonder, wonder and think.
I am the Lorax. I speak for the trees. I speak for the trees for the trees have no tongues.
Look at me! Look at me! Look at me NOW! It is fun to have fun But you have to know how.
We are all a little weird and life's a little weird, and when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours, we join up with them and fall in mutual weirdness and call it love
Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity.
I never saw a wild thing sorry for itself. A small bird will drop frozen dead from a bough without ever having felt sorry for itself
Only when you understand that you were wrong, and asked the wrong question for the search, you can correct yourself and look for the proper answer
Suppose you were an idiot, and suppose you were a member of Congress; but I repeat myself.
Principles have no real force except when one is well-fed.
If you have ten thousand regulations you destroy all respect for the law.
Healthy citizens are the greatest asset any country can have.
Politics is not a game. It is an earnest business.
Let us not seek the Republican answer or the Democratic answer, but the right answer. Let us not seek to fix the blame for the past. Let us accept our own responsibility for the future.
The truth is, unless you let go, unless you forgive yourself, unless you forgive the situation, unless you realize that that situation is over, you cannot move forward.
Letting go doesn't mean that you don't care about someone anymore. It's just realizing that the only person you really have control over is yourself.
Some birds are not meant to be caged, that's all. Their feathers are too bright, their songs too sweet and wild. So you let them go, or when you open the cage to feed them they somehow fly out past you. And the part of you that knows it was wrong to imprison them in the first place rejoices, but still, the place where you live is that much more drab and empty for their departure.
If people refuse to look at you in a new light and they can only see you for what you were, only see you for the mistakes you've made, if they don't realize that you are not your mistakes, then they have to go.
If you want to forget something or someone, never hate it, or never hate him/her. Everything and everyone that you hate is engraved upon your heart; if you want to let go of something, if you want to forget, you cannot hate.
Incredible change happens in your life when you decide to take control of what you do have power over instead of craving control over what you don't.
No matter how much suffering you went through, you never wanted to let go of those memories.
You will find that it is necessary to let things go; simply for the reason that they are heavy. So let them go, let go of them. I tie no weights to my ankles.
It is important that we forgive ourselves for making mistakes. We need to learn from our errors and move on.
You must learn to let go. Release the stress. You were never in control anyway.
Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny.
If you let go a little, you will have a little peace. If you let go a lot, you will have a lot of peace.
How undisturbed, the sleep of the foolish.
1f u c4n r34d th1s u r34lly n33d t0 g37 l41d
I'm not anti-social; I'm just not user friendly
I would love to change the world, but they won't give me the source code
Passwords are like underwear: You shouldn't leave them out where people can see them. You should change them regularly. And you shouldn't loan them out to strangers.
Concept: On the keyboard of life, always keep one finger on the escape button
My software never have bugs. It just develops random features
Roses are #FF0000 Violets are #0000FF All my base Are belong to you
Girls are like internet domain names, the ones I like are already taken
You know you need a life when... 1. You spend every Friday night on the computer 2. You just finished watching all three seasons of "Star Trek" 3. You've attempted watching the entire "Lord of the Rings" trilogy extended versions+ deleted scenes, etc. 4. You spend countless hours on youtube 5. You spend time reading things like this 6. You agree with any of the above...
That's a PEBKAC problem. (Problem Exists Between Keyboard And Chair)
Whenever government assumes to deliver us from the trouble of thinking for ourselves, the only consequences it produces are those of torpor and imbecility.
All diplomacy is a continuation of war by other means.
If people knew how hard I had to work to gain my mastery, it would not seem so wonderful at all.
Even when laws have been written down, they ought not always to remain unaltered.
As a rule, indeed, grown-up people are fairly correct on matters of fact; it is in the higher gift of imagination that they are so sadly to seek.
We are not an endangered species ourselves yet, but this is not for lack of trying.
A leader is one who, out of madness or goodness, volunteers to take upon himself the woe of the people. There are few men so foolish, hence the erratic quality of leadership in the world.
I knew, as everyone knows, that the easiest way to attract a crowd is to let it be known that at a given time and a given place some one is going to attempt something that in the event of failure will mean sudden death.
If you would be a real seeker after truth, it is necessary that at least once in your life you doubt, as far as possible, all things.
Don't be afraid to cry. It will free your mind of sorrowful thoughts.
Day and night cannot dwell together
It is better to have less thunder in the mouth and more lightning in the hand.
All plants are our brothers and sisters. They talk to us and if we listen, we can hear them.
Tell me and I'll forget. Show me, and I may not remember. Involve me, and I'll understand
Before eating, always take time to thank the food.
When we show our respect for other living things, they respond with respect for us.
If we wonder often, the gift of knowledge will come.
Most of us do not look as handsome to others as we do to ourselves.
Those that lie down with dogs, get up with fleas.
In age, talk; in childhood, tears.
We always return to our first loves
What is life? It is the flash of a firefly in the night. It is the breath of a buffalo in the wintertime. It is the little shadow which runs across the grass and loses itself in the sunset.
When you were born, you cried and the world rejoiced. Live your life so that when you die, the world cries and you rejoice.
Those who have one foot in the canoe, and one foot in the boat, are going to fall into the river
The weakness of the enemy makes our strength.
When the white man discovered this country, Indians were running it. No taxes, no debt, women did all the work. White man thought he could improve on a system like this.
Poverty is a noose that strangles humility and breeds disrespect for God and man.
Do not judge your neighbor until you walk two moons in his moccasins.
There is nothing as eloquent as a rattlesnakes tail.
Force, no matter how concealed, begets resistance.
Our first teacher is our own heart.
Everyone who is successful must have dreamed of something.
All who have died are equal.
Remember that your children are not your own, but are lent to you by the Creator.
One rain does not make a crop.
Man's law changes with his understanding of man. Only the laws of the spirit remain always the same.
What the people believe is true.
You already possess everything necessary to become great.
There is no death, only a change of worlds.
Life is not separate from death. It only looks that way.
You can't wake a person who is pretending to be asleep.
It is less of a problem to be poor, than to be dishonest.
One finger cannot lift a pebble.
Beware of the man who does not talk, and the dog that does not bark.
All dreams spin out from the same web.
He who would do great things should not attempt them all alone.
Even a small mouse has anger.
If a man is as wise as a serpent, he can afford to be as harmless as a dove.
The rainbow is a sign from Him who is in all things.
Walk lightly in the spring; Mother Earth is pregnant.
When a man moves away from nature his heart becomes hard.
Old age is not as honorable as death, but most people want it.
Many have fallen with the bottle in their hand.
Everything the power does, it does in a circle.
A brave man dies but once, a coward many times.
A man or woman with many children has many homes.
Seek wisdom, not knowledge. Knowledge is of the past, Wisdom is of the future.
If you see no reason for giving thanks, the fault lies in yourself.
A good chief gives, he does not take.
Coyote is always out there waiting, and Coyote is always hungry.
Listening to a liar is like drinking warm water
Every animal knows more than you do.
To touch the earth is to have harmony with nature.
When a fox walks lame, the old rabbit jumps.
A starving man will eat with the wolf.
A danger foreseen is half-avoided.
The coward shoots with shut eyes.
It is easy to be brave from a distance.
The bird who has eaten cannot fly with the bird that is hungry.
Ask questions from you heart and you will be answered from the heart.
A hungry stomach makes a short prayer.
Do not wrong or hate your neighbor for it is not he that you wrong but yourself.
Make my enemy brave and strong, so that if defeated, I will not be ashamed.
Cherish youth, but trust old age.
Sharing and giving are the ways of God.
We are all one child spinning through Mother Sky.
Each person is his own judge.
We are made from Mother Earth and we go back to Mother Earth.
It is no longer good enough to cry peace, we must act peace, live peace and live in peace.
There are many good moccasin tracks along the trail of a straight arrow.
A rocky vineyard does not need a prayer, but a pick ax.
With all things and in all things, we are relatives.
The one who tells the stories rules the world.
A people without a history is like the wind over buffalo grass.
The moon is not shamed by the barking of dogs.
Regard Heaven as your father, Earth as your Mother and all things as your Brothers and Sisters.
White men have too many chiefs.
If a man is to do something more than human, he must have more than human powers.
The soul would have no rainbow if the eye had no tears.
Wisdom comes only when you stop looking for it and start living the life the Creator intended for you.
Not every sweet root gives birth to sweet grass
Take only what you need and leave the land as you found it.
It takes a thousand voices to tell a single story.
Don't let yesterday use up too much of today.
No river can return to its source, yet all rivers must have a beginning.
Listen, or your tongue will make you deaf.
Man has responsibility, not power.
The rain falls on the just and the unjust.
Each bird loves to hear itself sing.
The way of the troublemaker is thorny.
God gives us each a song.
A man must make his own arrows.
After dark all cats are leopards.
When you die, you will be spoken of as those in the sky, like the stars.
It takes many nails to build crib, but only one screw to fill it.
People who think they know everything are annoying to those of us who do
Everyone likes a little ass, but no one likes a smart ass.
Hey man, I may not go down in history, but I'll go down on your daughter.
Q: What do you call a gay dinosaur? A: A "megasoreass"
Why do we call something sent by car a "shipment" and something sent by ship a "cargo?
If our food and drink don't meet your standards, please lower your standards
Pretend you're smart: use quotes.
There is a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot.
It's hard to argue with the government. Remember, they run the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, so they must know a thing or two about satisfying women.
I think animal testing is a terrible idea; they get all nervous and give the wrong answers.
What is a committee? A group of the unwilling, picked from the unfit, to do the unnecessary.
I am not a vegetarian because I love animals; I am a vegetarian because I hate plants.
A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices.
When cryptography is outlawed, bayl bhgynjf jvyy unir cevinpl. ("When cryptography is outlawedonly outlaws will have privacy")
You don't buy the drink here, you only rent it
X-rated movies are all alike... the only thing they leave to the imagination is the plot.
All racists who are prepared to die for their country, please do that now.
Always remember that you are unique. Just like everyone else
Booze is the answer. I don't remember the question.
I'm not in this world to live up to your expectations and you're not in this world to live up to mine.
Do not pray for an easy life, pray for the strength to endure a difficult one
Don't get set into one form, adapt it and build your own, and let it grow, be like water. Empty your mind, be formless, shapeless  like water. Now you put water in a cup, it becomes the cup; You put water into a bottle it becomes the bottle; You put it in a teapot it becomes the teapot. Water can flow or it can crash. Be water, my friend.
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.
Love is like a friendship caught on fire. In the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. As love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable.
Be like water making its way through cracks. Do not be assertive, but adjust to the object, and you shall find a way around or through it. If nothing within you stays rigid, outward things will disclose themselves.  Empty your mind, be formless. Shapeless, like water. If you put water into a cup, it becomes the cup. You put water into a bottle and it becomes the bottle. You put it in a teapot, it becomes the teapot. Now, water can flow or it can crash. Be water, my friend.
Be happy, but never satisfied.
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
Love is like a friendship caught on fire. In the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. As love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable.
Adapt what is useful, reject what is useless, and add what is specifically your own.
A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.
I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who had practiced one kick 10,000 times.
The doubters said, "Man can not fly," The doers said, "Maybe, but we'll try," And finally soared In the morning glow While non-believers Watched from below.
If you always put limits on everything you do, physical or anything else, it will spread into your work and into your life. There are no limits. There are only plateaus, and you must not stay there, you must go beyond them.
To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities.
If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.
The key to immortality is first living a life worth remembering.
A goal is not always meant to be reached, it often serves simply as something to aim at.
Don't fear failure.  Not failure, but low aim, is the crime. In great attempts it is glorious even to fail.
If you don't want to slip up tomorrow, speak the truth today.
Use only that which works, and take it from any place you can find it.
Not being tense but ready. Not thinking but not dreaming. Not being set but flexible. Liberation from the uneasy sense of confinement. It is being wholly and quietly alive, aware and alert, ready for whatever may come.
It is not a daily increase, but a daily decrease. Hack away at the inessentials.
The great mistake is to anticipate the outcome of the engagement; you ought not to be thinking of whether it ends in victory or defeat. Let nature take its course, and your tools will strike at the right moment.
Empty your cup so that it may be filled; become devoid to gain totality.
Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind.
A quick temper will make a fool of you soon enough.
Forget about winning and losing; forget about pride and pain. Let your opponent graze your skin and you smash into his flesh; let him smash into your flesh and you fracture his bones; let him fracture your bones and you take his life! Do not be concerned with escaping safely- lay your life before him!!
If there is a God, he is within. You don't ask God to give you things, you depend on God for your inner theme.
A good teacher protects his pupils from his own influence.
To spend time is to pass it in a specified manner. To waste time is to expend it thoughtlessly or carelessly. We all have time to either spend or waste and it is our decision what to do with it. But once passed, it is gone forever.
Art calls for complete mastery of techniques, developed by reflection within the soul.
Time means a lot to me because you see I am also a learner and am often lost in the joy of forever developing.
For it is easy to criticize and break down the spirit of others, but to know yourself takes a lifetime.
Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick.
Be self aware, rather than a repetitious robot
Now I see that I will never find the light Unless, like the candle, I am my own fuel, Consuming myself.
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.
Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successfull personality and duplicate it.
The spirit of the individual is determined by his dominating thought habits.
As you think, so shall you become.
The meaning of life is that it is to be lived, and it is not to be traded and conceptualized and squeezed into a patter of systems.
Defeat is not defeat unless accepted as a reality-in your own mind.
You must be shapeless, formless, like water. When you pour water in a cup, it becomes the cup. When you pour water in a bottle, it becomes the bottle. When you pour water in a teapot, it becomes the teapot. Water can drip and it can crash. Become like water my friend.
Self-knowledge involves relationship. To know oneself is to study one self in action with another person. Relationship is a process of self evaluation and self revelation. Relationship is the mirror in which you discover yourself - to be is to be related.
Don't get set into one form, adapt it and build your own, and let it grow, be like water.
Using no way as a way, having no limitation as limitation.
The stillness in stillness is not the real stillness; only when there is stillness in movement does the universal rhythm manifest.
Boards don't hit back.
Many people dedicate their lives to actualizing a concept of what they should be like, rather than actualizing themselves. This difference between self-actualization and self-image actualization is very important. Most people live only for their image
Everything you do, if not in a relaxed state will be done at a lesser level than you are proficient. Thus the tensed expert marksman will aim at a level less than his/her student.
Ever since I was a child I have had this instinctive urge for expansion and growth. To me, the function and duty of a quality human being is the sincere and honest development of one's potential.
Don't blink. Blink and you're dead. They are fast. Faster than you can believe. Don't turn your back. Don't look away. And don't blink. Good Luck.
People assume that time is a strict progression of cause to effect, but *actually* from a non-linear, non-subjective viewpoint - it's more like a big ball of wibbly wobbly... time-y wimey... stuff.
There are worlds out there where the sky is burning, where the sea's asleep and the rivers dream, people made of smoke and cities made of song. Somewhere there's danger, somewhere there's injustice and somewhere else the tea is getting cold. Come on, Ace, we've got work to do.
TDBD - Test Driven Bugs Development
If Tyranny and Oppression come to this land, it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy.
Knowledge will forever govern ignorance; and a people who mean to be their own governors must arm themselves with the power which knowledge gives.
Americans have the right and advantage of being armed - unlike the citizens of other countries whose governments are afraid to trust the people with arms.
I believe there are more instances of the abridgement of freedom of the people by gradual and silent encroachments by those in power than by violent and sudden usurpations.
It will be of little avail to the people that the laws are made by men of their own choice if the laws be so voluminous that they cannot be read, or so incoherent that they cannot be understood.
The circulation of confidence is better than the circulation of money.
Do not separate text from historical background. If you do, you will have perverted and subverted the Constitution, which can only end in a distorted, bastardized form of illegitimate government.
The Constitution preserves the advantage of being armed which Americans possess over the people of almost every other nation where the governments are afraid to trust the people with arms.
The purpose of separation of church and state is to keep forever from these shores the ceaseless strife that has soaked the soil of Europe with blood for centuries.
A well regulated militia, composed of the body of the people, trained in arms, is the best most natural defense of a free country.
Where an excess of power prevails, property of no sort is duly respected. No man is safe in his opinions, his person, his faculties, or his possessions.
No nation could preserve its freedom in the midst of continual warfare.
If men were angels, no government would be necessary.
And I have no doubt that every new example will succeed, as every past one has done, in showing that religion and Government will both exist in greater purity, the less they are mixed together.
America was indebted to immigration for her settlement and prosperity. That part of America which had encouraged them most had advanced most rapidly in population, agriculture and the arts.
The means of defense against foreign danger historically have become the instruments of tyranny at home.
A popular government without popular information or the means of acquiring it, is but a prologue to a farce, or a tragedy, or perhaps both.
All that seems indispensible in stating the account between the dead and the living, is to see that the debts against the latter do not exceed the advances made by the former.
All men having power ought to be distrusted to a certain degree.
A man has a property in his opinions and the free communication of them.
In Republics, the great danger is, that the majority may not sufficiently respect the rights of the minority.
Philosophy is common sense with big words.
The loss of liberty at home is to be charged to the provisions against danger, real or imagined, from abroad.
It is a universal truth that the loss of liberty at home is to be charged to the provisions against danger, real or pretended, from abroad.
Liberty may be endangered by the abuse of liberty, but also by the abuse of power.
A well-instructed people alone can be permanently a free people.
Each generation should be made to bear the burden of its own wars, instead of carrying them on, at the expense of other generations.
In no instance have... the churches been guardians of the liberties of the people.
Whenever a youth is ascertained to possess talents meriting an education which his parents cannot afford, he should be carried forward at the public expense.
The class of citizens who provide at once their own food and their own raiment, may be viewed as the most truly independent and happy.
The happy Union of these States is a wonder; their Constitution a miracle; their example the hope of Liberty throughout the world.
Wherever there is interest and power to do wrong, wrong will generally be done.
Let me recommend the best medicine in the world: a long journey, at a mild season, through a pleasant country, in easy stages.
The capacity of the female mind for studies of the highest order cannot be doubted, having been sufficiently illustrated by its works of genius, of erudition, and of science.
The people are the only legitimate fountain of power, and it is from them that the constitutional charter, under which the several branches of government hold their power, is derived.
There is no maxim, in my opinion, which is more liable to be misapplied, and which, therefore, more needs elucidation, than the current one, that the interest of the majority is the political standard of right and wrong.
In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men you must first enable the government to control the governed; and in the next place oblige it to control itself.
Of all the enemies of public liberty, war is perhaps the most to be dreaded, because it comprises and develops the germ of every other.
War should only be declared by the authority of the people, whose toils and treasures are to support its burdens, instead of the government which is to reap its fruits.
I have no doubt but that the misery of the lower classes will be found to abate whenever the Government assumes a freer aspect and the laws favor a subdivision of Property.
The essence of Government is power; and power, lodged as it must be in human hands, will ever be liable to abuse.
As a man is said to have a right to his property, he may be equally said to have a property in his rights.
By rendering the labor of one, the property of the other, they cherish pride, luxury, and vanity on one side; on the other, vice and servility, or hatred and revolt.
The truth is that all men having power ought to be mistrusted.
As long as the reason of man continues fallible, and he is at liberty to exercise it, different opinions will be formed.
The diversity in the faculties of men, from which the rights of property originate, is not less an insuperable obstacle to an uniformity of interests. The protection of these faculties is the first object of government.
The executive has no right, in any case, to decide the question, whether there is or is not cause for declaring war.
To suppose that any form of government will secure liberty or happiness without any virtue in the people, is a chimerical idea.
What is government itself but the greatest of all reflections on human nature? If men were angels, no government would be necessary. If angels were to govern men, neither external nor internal controls on government would be necessary.
A pure democracy is a society consisting of a small number of citizens, who assemble and administer the government in person.
A sincere and steadfast co-operation in promoting such a reconstruction of our political system as would provide for the permanent liberty and happiness of the United States.
Ambition must be made to counteract ambition.
Commercial shackles are generally unjust, oppressive, and impolitic.
Despotism can only exist in darkness, and there are too many lights now in the political firmament to permit it to remain anywhere, as it has heretofore done, almost everywhere.
Perhaps it is a universal truth that the loss of liberty at home is to be charged to provisions against danger, real or pretended, from abroad.
We are right to take alarm at the first experiment upon our liberties.
What prudent merchant will hazard his fortunes in any new branch of commerce when he knows not that his plans may be rendered unlawful before they can be executed?
Every nation whose affairs betray a want of wisdom and stability may calculate on every loss which can be sustained from the more systematic policy of its wiser neighbors.
Religious bondage shackles and debilitates the mind and unfits it for every noble enterprise, every expanded prospect.
The advancement and diffusion of knowledge is the only guardian of true liberty.
The personal right to acquire property, which is a natural right, gives to property, when acquired, a right to protection, as a social right.
The rights of persons, and the rights of property, are the objects, for the protection of which Government was instituted.
Union of religious sentiments begets a surprising confidence.
Any reading not of a vicious species must be a good substitute for the amusements too apt to fill up the leisure of the labouring classes.
I should not regret a fair and full trial of the entire abolition of capital punishment.
If we are to take for the criterion of truth the majority of suffrages, they ought to be gotten from those philosophic and patriotic citizens who cultivate their reason.
Learned Institutions ought to be favorite objects with every free people. They throw that light over the public mind which is the best security against crafty and dangerous encroachments on the public liberty.
Religion flourishes in greater purity, without than with the aid of Government.
The internal effects of a mutable policy poisons the blessings of liberty itself.
The number, the industry, and the morality of the priesthood, and the devotion of the people have been manifestly increased by the total separation of the church from the state.
To the press alone, chequered as it is with abuses, the world is indebted for all the triumphs which have been gained by reason and humanity over error and oppression.
War contains so much folly, as well as wickedness, that much is to be hoped from the progress of reason.
What spectacle can be more edifying or more seasonable, than that of Liberty and Learning, each leaning on the other for their mutual and surest support?
A well-known principle of human behavior says that when we ask someone to do us a favor we will be more successful if we provide a reason. People simply like to have reasons for what they do.
Excuse me, I have five pages. May I use the Xerox machine because I have to make some copies? The result was that once again nearly all (93 percent) agreed, even though no real reason, no new information, was added to justify their compliance. Just as the "cheep-cheep sound of turkey chicks triggered an automatic mothering response from maternal turkeyseven when it emanated from a stuffed polecatso, too, did the word "because trigger an automatic compliance response
Embarrassment is a villain to be crushed.
The customers, mostly well-to-do vacationers with little knowledge of turquoise, were using a standard principlea stereotypeto guide their buying: "expensive = good".
The automatic, fixed-action patterns of these animals work very well the great majority of the time. For example, because only healthy, normal turkey chicks make the peculiar sound of baby turkeys, it makes sense for mother turkeys to respond maternally to that single "cheep-cheep noise.
A well-known principle of human behavior says that when we ask someone to do us a favor we will be more successful if we provide a reason. People simply like to have reasons for what they do
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity
Nothing is less productive than to make more efficient what should not be done at all.
Inspiration exists, but it has to find you working
A good leader takes a little more than his share of the blame, a little less than his share of the credit
You can't rest on your laurels. Your own body of work is yet to come.
Try not to become a person of success. Rather become a person of value.
A man's gotta make at least one bet a day, else he could be walking around lucky and never know it
Those who don't give a fuck change the world. The rest do not
Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness, and the word happy would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness. It is far better take things as they come along with patience and equanimity.
If there is anything that we wish to change in the child, we should first examine it and see whether it is not something that could better be changed in ourselves.
Every form of addiction is bad, no matter whether the narcotic be alcohol or morphine or idealism.
The word 'belief' is a difficult thing for me. I don't believe. I must have a reason for a certain hypothesis. Either I know a thing, and then I know it - I don't need to believe it.
Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune.
One looks back with appreciation to the brilliant teachers, but with gratitude to those who touched our human feelings. The curriculum is so much necessary raw material, but warmth is the vital element for the growing plant and for the soul of the child.
The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed.
We cannot change anything until we accept it. Condemnation does not liberate, it oppresses.
A particularly beautiful woman is a source of terror. As a rule, a beautiful woman is a terrible disappointment.
In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order.
Where love rules, there is no will to power; and where power predominates, there love is lacking. The one is the shadow of the other.
Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.
Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darknesses of other people.
Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.
As far as we can discern, the sole purpose of human existence is to kindle a light in the darkness of mere being.
There is no coming to consciousness without pain.
The healthy man does not torture others - generally it is the tortured who turn into torturers.
A man who has not passed through the inferno of his passions has never overcome them.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
The shoe that fits one person pinches another; there is no recipe for living that suits all cases.
Children are educated by what the grown-up is and not by his talk.
The word 'happiness' would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness.
Show me a sane man and I will cure him for you.
The pendulum of the mind alternates between sense and nonsense, not between right and wrong.
The man who promises everything is sure to fulfil nothing, and everyone who promises too much is in danger of using evil means in order to carry out his promises, and is already on the road to perdition.
All the works of man have their origin in creative fantasy. What right have we then to depreciate imagination.
We deem those happy who from the experience of life have learnt to bear its ills without being overcome by them.
Often the hands will solve a mystery that the intellect has struggled with in vain.
The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it.
Man needs difficulties; they are necessary for health.
Resistance to the organized mass can be effected only by the man who is as well organized in his individuality as the mass itself.
Masses are always breeding grounds of psychic epidemics.
When an inner situation is not made conscious, it appears outside as fate.
The most intense conflicts, if overcome, leave behind a sense of security and calm that is not easily disturbed. It is just these intense conflicts and their conflagration which are needed to produce valuable and lasting results.
The greatest and most important problems of life are all fundamentally insoluble. They can never be solved but only outgrown.
Understanding does not cure evil, but it is a definite help, inasmuch as one can cope with a comprehensible darkness.
Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also.
Who has fully realized that history is not contained in thick books but lives in our very blood?
It all depends on how we look at things, and not how they are in themselves.
We should not pretend to understand the world only by the intellect. The judgement of the intellect is only part of the truth.
It is a fact that cannot be denied: the wickedness of others becomes our own wickedness because it kindles something evil in our own hearts.
We are born at a given moment, in a given place and, like vintage years of wine, we have the qualities of the year and of the season of which we are born. Astrology does not lay claim to anything more.
Nobody, as long as he moves about among the chaotic currents of life, is without trouble.
Neurosis is always a substitute for legitimate suffering.
The creation of something new is not accomplished by the intellect but by the play instinct acting from inner necessity. The creative mind plays with the objects it loves.
Great talents are the most lovely and often the most dangerous fruits on the tree of humanity. They hang upon the most slender twigs that are easily snapped off.
Man's task is to become conscious of the contents that press upward from the unconscious.
Without this playing with fantasy no creative work has ever yet come to birth. The debt we owe to the play of the imagination is incalculable.
A 'scream' is always just that - a noise and not music.
Follow that will and that way which experience confirms to be your own.
The Christian missionary may preach the gospel to the poor naked heathen, but the spiritual heathen who populate Europe have as yet heard nothing of Christianity.
Sometimes, indeed, there is such a discrepancy between the genius and his human qualities that one has to ask oneself whether a little less talent might not have been better.
The debt we owe to the play of imagination is incalculable.
The wine of youth does not always clear with advancing years; sometimes it grows turbid.
Everyone knows nowadays that people 'have complexes'. What is not so well known, though far more important theoretically, is that complexes can have us.
Shrinking away from death is something unhealthy and abnormal which robs the second half of life of its purpose.
Mistakes are, after all, the foundations of truth, and if a man does not know what a thing is, it is at least an increase in knowledge if he knows what it is not.
In my case Pilgrim's Progress consisted in my having to climb down a thousand ladders until I could reach out my hand to the little clod of earth that I am.
Our heart glows, and secret unrest gnaws at the root of our being. Dealing with the unconscious has become a question of life for us.
I have treated many hundreds of patients. Among those in the second half of life - that is to say, over 35 - there has not been one whose problem in the last resort was not that of finding a religious outlook on life.
Love is the great miracle cure. Loving ourselves works miracles in our lives.
As my mind can conceive of more good, the barriers and blocks dissolve. My life becomes full of little miracles popping up out of the blue.
No person, no place, and no thing has any power over us, for 'we' are the only thinkers in our mind. When we create peace and harmony and balance in our minds, we will find it in our lives.
If you want to understand your parents more, get them to talk about their own childhood; and if you listen with compassion, you will learn where their fears and rigid patterns come from. Those people who 'did all that stuff to you' were just as frightened and scared as you are.
We choose our sex, our color, our country, and then we look around for the particular set of parents who will mirror the pattern we are bringing in to work on in this lifetime.
I find that when we really love and accept and approve of ourselves exactly as we are, then everything in life works.
Remember, in the vast infinity of life, all is perfect, whole, and complete... and so are you.
The gateways to wisdom and learning are always open, and more and more I am choosing to walk through them. Barriers, blocks, obstacles, and problems are personal teachers giving me the opportunity to move out of the past and into the Totality of Possibilities.
All the events you have experienced in your lifetime up to this moment have been created by your thoughts and beliefs you have held in the past. They were created by the thoughts and words you used yesterday, last week, last month, last year, 10, 20, 30, 40, or more years ago, depending on how old you are.
We are each responsible for all of our experiences.
The point of power is always in the present moment.
If I want to believe that life is lonely and that nobody loves me, then that is what I will find in my world.
If we are willing to do the mental work, almost anything can be healed.
'Men don't cry!' 'Women can't handle money!' What limiting ideas to live with.
Each one of us decides to incarnate upon this planet at a particular point in time and space. We have chosen to come here to learn a particular lesson that will advance us upon our spiritual, evolutionary pathway.
We learn our belief systems as very little children, and then we move through life creating experiences to match our beliefs. Look back in your own life and notice how often you have gone through the same experience.
Every thought we think is creating our future.
If your mother did not know how to love herself, or your father did not know how to love himself, then it would be impossible for them to teach you to love yourself. They were doing the best they could with what they had been taught as children.
It is essential that we stop worrying about money and stop resenting our bills.
Know that you are always safe. And also know that it's possible to move from the old to the new, easily and peacefully.
It seems to me that everyone on this planet whom I know or have worked with is suffering from self-hatred and guilt to one degree or another. The more self-hatred and guilt we have, the less our lives work. The less self-hatred and guilt we have, the better our lives work, on all levels.
I am in the right place, at the right time, doing the right thing.
You have the power to heal your life, and you need to know that. We think so often that we are helpless, but we're not. We always have the power of our mindsClaim and consciously use your power.
I have never understood the importance of having children memorize battle dates. It seems like such a waste of mental energy. Instead, we could teach them important subjects such as How the Mind Works, How to Handle Finances, How to Invest Money for Financial Security, How to be a Parent, How to Create Good Relationships, and How to Create and Maintain Self-Esteem and Self-Worth. Can you imagine what a whole generation of adults would be like if they had been taught these subjects in school along with their regular curriculum?
No matter where we live on the planet or how difficult our situation seems to be, we have the ability to overcome and transcend our circumstances
I am willing to release the need to be unworthy. I am worthy of the very best in life, and I now lovingly allow myself to accept it
I will not be distracted by noise, chatter, or setbacks. Patience, commitment, grace, and purpose will guide me
When we expand our thinking and beliefs our love flows freely. When we contract we shut ourselves off. Can you remember the last time when you were in love? Your heart went ahhh!! It was such a wonderful feeling. It is the same with loving yourself except that you will never leave once you have your love for yourself.Its with you for the rest of your life, so you want to make it the best relationship that you can have
I have noticed that the Universe loves Gratitude. The more Grateful you are, the more goodies you get
I say "Out" to every negative thought that comes to my mind. No person, place, or thing has any power over me, for I am the only thinker in my mind. I create my own reality and everyone in it.
In the infinity of life where I am, All is perfect, whole and complete, I no longer choose to believe in old limitations and lack, I now choose to begin to see myself As the Universe sees me --- perfect, whole, and complete.
Your unique creative talents and abilities are flowing through you and are being expressed in deeply satisfying ways. Your creativity is always in demand.
You've been criticising yourself for years and it hasn't worked. Try approving of yourself and see what happens.
I change my life when I change my thinking. I am Light. I am Spirit. I am a wonderful, capable being. And it is time for me to acknowledge that I create my own reality with my thoughts. If I want to change my reality, then it is time for me to change my mind.
Deep at the center of my being there is an infinite well of love.
The mental thought patterns that cause the most dis-ease in the body are CRITICISM, ANGER, RESENTMENT and GUILT. For instance, criticism indulged in long enought will often lead to dis-eases such as arthritis. Anger turns into things that boil and burn and infect the body. Resentment long held festers and eats away at the self and ultimately can lead to tumors and cancer. Guilt always seeks punishment and leads to pain.
Well, I believe you created those experiences over and over because they mirrored something you believed about yourself. It doesn't really matter how long we have had a problem, or how big it is, or how life-threatening it is. The Point of Power Is Always in the Present Moment
The thoughts we choose to think are the tools we use to paint the canvas of our lives
No matter where you are in life, no matter what you've contributed to creating, no matter what's happening, you are always doing the best you can with the understanding and awareness and knowledge that you have
Every day declare for yourself what you want in life. Declare it as though you have it!
Be willing to take the first step, no matter how small it is. Concentrate on the fact that you are willing to learn. Absolute miracles will happen.
We want to know what is going on inside us, so we can know what to let go. Instead of hiding our pain, we can release it totally.
Chronic patterns of self-hate, guilt, and self-criticism raise the body's stress levels and weaken the immune system
A tragedy can turn out to be our greatest good if we approach it in ways from which we can grow
We are far more than our bodies and personalities. The inner spirit is always beautiful and lovable, no matter how our outer appearances may change
When we forgive and let go, not only does a huge weight drop off your shoulders, but the doorway to your own self-love opens
If you can't get close to other people, it is because you don't know how to be close to your own inner child. The child in you is scared and hurting. Be there for your child
All the theories in the world are useless unless there is action, positive change, and finally, healing
When we get frightened, we want to control everything, and then we shut off the flow of our good. Trust life. Everything we need is here for us
When our inner vision opens, our horizons expand
Each one of us is totally linked with the Universe and with all of life. The Power is within us to expand the horizons of our consciousness
The planet is becoming conscious as a whole. It is becoming self-conscious
Some people would rather leave the planet than change
We can destroy the planet or heal it. Send some loving, healing energy to the planet every day. What we do with our minds makes a difference
Learning music by reading about it is like making love by mail.
If children are not introduced to music at an early age, I believe something fundamental is actually being taken from them.
Am I afraid of high notes? Of course I am afraid. What sane man is not?
The better voice doesn't mean being a better singer.
Why should be elite, music? Excuse me. Music must be for everybody.
It is so important for people at a young age to be invited to embrace classical music and opera.
You don't need any brains to listen to music.
For me, music making is the most joyful activity possible, the most perfect expression of any emotion.
I was an elementary school teacher.
If you see me once, you cannot confuse me with another.
Opera is a beautiful and important diversion for me.
The rivalry is with ourself. I try to be better than is possible. I fight against myself, not against the other.
Above all, I am an opera singer. This is how people will remember me.
He wants only to rest and to have a little peace.
I am a tenor buff. I hear myself.
I am a very superstitious person.
I am open to everything.
I want to be famous everywhere.
I want to reach as many people as possible with the message of music, of wonderful opera.
I'm a perfectionist, and I always think that I can do better what I have done, even if it's good.
It is a very honest world, our work. I think you cannot fake anything.
Opera is one of the most important art forms. It should be listened to and appreciated by everyone.
People have a right to criticize.
Sometime to be called Pavarotti is not always an advantage.
The music itself could never take the place of my own passion in life.
There is no prodigy in our profession. If you see all the great singer of the past, none of them are.
In opera, as with any performing art, to be in great demand and to command high fees you must be good of course, but you must also be famous. The two are different things.
One of the very nicest things about life is the way we must regularly stop whatever it is we are doing and devote our attention to eating.
If you know why you fall in love, you aren't in love
People think I'm disciplined. It is not discipline. It is devotion. There is a great difference.
Learning music by reading about it is like making love by mail.
Nothing that has happened has made me feel gloomy or remain depressed. I love my life
We shall defend our island, whatever the cost may be, we shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills; we shall never surrender.
The release of atomic energy has not created a new problem. It has merely made more urgent the necessity of solving an existing one.
Wars are poor chisels for carving out peaceful tomorrows.
We must concentrate not merely on the negative expulsion of war but the postive affirmation of peace.
One of the greatest casualties of the war in Vietnam is the Great Society... shot down on the battlefield of Vietnam.
He who joyfully marches to music in rank and file has already earned my contempt. He has been given a large brain by mistake, since for him the spinal cord would suffice.
It is incumbent on every generation to pay its own debts as it goes. A principle which if acted on would save one-half the wars of the world.
Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed.
The cost of freedom is always high, but Americans have always paid it. And one path we shall never choose, and that is the path of surrender, or submission.
In wartime, truth is so precious that she should always be attended by a bodyguard of lies.
No bastard ever won a war by dying for his country. He won it by making the other poor dumb bastard die for his country.
Build me a son, O Lord, who will be strong enough to know when he is weak, and brave enough to face himself when he is afraid, one who will be proud and unbending in honest defeat, and humble and gentle in victory.
I am not afraid of an army of lions led by a sheep; I am afraid of an army of sheep led by a lion.
When the war of the giants is over the wars of the pygmies will begin.
War will exist until that distant day when the conscientious objector enjoys the same reputation and prestige that the warrior does today.
The soldier above all others prays for peace, for it is the soldier who must suffer and bear the deepest wounds and scars of war.
The best weapon against an enemy is another enemy.
Never think that war, no matter how necessary, nor how justified, is not a crime.
There was never a good war, or a bad peace.
Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win.
Humankind has not woven the web of life. We are but one thread within it. Whatever we do to the web, we do to ourselves. All things are bound together. All things connect.
All things share the same breath - the beast, the tree, the man... the air shares its spirit with all the life it supports.
When the last red man shall have perished from the earth and his memory among the white men shall have become a myth, these shores will swarm with the invisible dead of my tribe. The white man will never be alone. Let him be just and deal kindly with my people, for the dead are not powerless.
What is man without the beasts? For if all the beast were gone, man would die of a great loneliness of the spirit.
There is no death, only a change of worlds.
Humans merely share the earth. We can only protect the land, not own it.
Tribe follows tribe, and nation follows nation, like the waves of the sea. It is the order of nature, and regret is useless.
Youth is impulsive. When our young men grow angry at some real or imaginary wrong, and disfigure their faces with black paint, it denotes that their hearts are black, and that they are often cruel and relentless, and our old men and old women are unable to restrain them. Thus it has ever been.
Revenge by young men is considered gain, even at the cost of their own lives, but old men who stay at home in times of war, and mothers who have sons to lose, know better.
Man does not weave this web of life. He is merely a strand of it. Whatever he does to the web, he does to himself.
If we do not own the freshness of the air and the sparkle of the water, how can you buy them?
Our religion is the traditions of our ancestors - the dreams of our old men, given them in solemn hours of the night by the Great Spirit; and the visions of our sachems, and is written in the hearts of our people.
Day and night cannot dwell together. The Red Man has ever fled the approach of the White Man, as the morning mist flees before the morning sun.
Whatever Seattle says, the great chief at Washington can rely upon with as much certainty as he can upon the return of the sun or the seasons.
Our people are ebbing away like a rapidly receding tide that will never return. The white man's God cannot love our people, or He would protect them.
To us, the ashes of our ancestors are sacred and their resting place is hallowed ground.
My people are few. They resemble the scattering trees of a storm-swept plain.
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.
Step by step and the thing is done.
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
If you can dream it, you can do it.
The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence.
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.
In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can.
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
Expect problems and eat them for breakfast.
Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to be better than you ever thought you could be.
Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth.
Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want.
Consult not your fears but your hopes and your dreams. Think not about your frustrations, but about your unfulfilled potential. Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what it is still possible for you to do.
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best.
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds.
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.
Be Impeccable With Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.
Pursue one great decisive aim with force and determination.
If you're going through hell, keep going.
We are taught you must blame your father, your sisters, your brothers, the school, the teachers - but never blame yourself. It's never your fault. But it's always your fault, because if you wanted to change you're the one who has got to change.
Learn from the past, set vivid, detailed goals for the future, and live in the only moment of time over which you have any control: now.
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.
Never, never, never give up.
You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand.
I've worked too hard and too long to let anything stand in the way of my goals. I will not let my teammates down and I will not let myself down.
I learned that we can do anything, but we can't do everything... at least not at the same time. So think of your priorities not in terms of what activities you do, but when you do them. Timing is everything.
Quality is not an act, it is a habit.
After a storm comes a calm.
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking.
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door.
Things do not happen. Things are made to happen.
Don't give up. Dont lost hope. Deon't sell out.
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.
One finds limits by pushing them.
I'd rather attempt to do something great and fail than to attempt to do nothing and succeed.
Know or listen to those who know.
Do not wait; the time will never be 'just right.' Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along.
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
What you do today can improve all your tomorrows.
True happiness involves the full use of one's power and talents.
If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success.
Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. This is your moment. Own it.
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other.
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
Big shots are only little shots who keep shooting.
There is always room at the top.
You can never quit. Winners never quit, and quitters never win.
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today.
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins.
Do your work with your whole heart, and you will succeed - there's so little competition.
Where there is a will, there is a way. If there is a chance in a million that you can do something, anything, to keep what you want from ending, do it. Pry the door open or, if need be, wedge your foot in that door and keep it open.
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.
Be gentle to all and stern with yourself.
A goal is a dream with a deadline.
Follow your dreams, work hard, practice and persevere. Make sure you eat a variety of foods, get plenty of exercise and maintain a healthy lifestyle.
The most effective way to do it, is to do it.
You just can't beat the person who never gives up.
I've found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances. Be more active. Show up more often.
The ultimate aim of the ego is not to see something, but to be something.
The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself.
Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it.
The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power.
Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time who never loses any. It is wonderful how much may be done if we are always doing.
March on. Do not tarry. To go forward is to move toward perfection. March on, and fear not the thorns, or the sharp stones on life's path.
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph.
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
The people who influence you are the people who believe in you.
Set your sights high, the higher the better. Expect the most wonderful things to happen, not in the future but right now. Realize that nothing is too good. Allow absolutely nothing to hamper you or hold you up in any way.
The hardships that I encountered in the past will help me succeed in the future.
In motivating people, you've got to engage their minds and their hearts. I motivate people, I hope, by example - and perhaps by excitement, by having productive ideas to make others feel involved.
Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to exchange for it. Establish your priorities and go to work.
I am not afraid... I was born to do this.
Whatever you want in life, other people are going to want it too. Believe in yourself enough to accept the idea that you have an equal right to it.
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one.
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th.
The will to succeed is important, but what's more important is the will to prepare.
I really believe that everyone has a talent, ability, or skill that he can mine to support himself and to succeed in life.
Who seeks shall find.
Never complain and never explain.
Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it.
I think people who are creative are the luckiest people on earth. I know that there are no shortcuts, but you must keep your faith in something Greater than You, and keep doing what you love. Do what you love, and you will find the way to get it out to the world.
When you fail you learn from the mistakes you made and it motivates you to work even harder.
Press forward. Do not stop, do not linger in your journey, but strive for the mark set before you.
Always continue the climb. It is possible for you to do whatever you choose, if you first get to know who you are and are willing to work with a power that is greater than ourselves to do it.
One way to keep momentum going is to have constantly greater goals.
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large.
If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.
If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree.
No matter how many goals you have achieved, you must set your sights on a higher one.
The wise does at once what the fool does at last.
It's always too early to quit.
You need to overcome the tug of people against you as you reach for high goals.
Poverty was the greatest motivating factor in my life.
Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned.
You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine.
The turning point was when I hit my 30th birthday. I thought, if really want to write, it's time to start. I picked up the book How to Write a Novel in 90 Days. The author said to just write three pages a day, and I figured, I can do this. I never got past Page 3 of that book.
Never give in and never give up.
Follow your inner moonlight; don't hide the madness.
If you think you can do it, you can.
We make the world we live in and shape our own environment.
You have to make it happen.
The dog that trots about finds a bone.
Always desire to learn something useful.
Don't brood. Get on with living and loving. You don't have forever.
The weeds keep multiplying in our garden, which is our mind ruled by fear. Rip them out and call them by name.
To be a good loser is to learn how to win.
Wherever you are - be all there.
Don't fight the problem, decide it.
I was motivated to be different in part because I was different.
Go big or go home. Because it's true. What do you have to lose?
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club.
You create your opportunities by asking for them.
There is nothing deep down inside us except what we have put there ourselves.
A will finds a way.
I can, therefore I am.
To know oneself, one should assert oneself.
Crave for a thing, you will get it. Renounce the craving, the object will follow you by itself.
Leap, and the net will appear.
He conquers who endures.
Do not weep; do not wax indignant. Understand.
Deserve your dream.
If you ask me what I came into this life to do, I will tell you: I came to live out loud.
Only the educated are free.
Fear cannot be without hope nor hope without fear.
The more we do, the more we can do.
Never retreat. Never explain. Get it done and let them howl.
God always strives together with those who strive.
To be wholly devoted to some intellectual exercise is to have succeeded in life.
One may miss the mark by aiming too high as too low.
Begin to be now what you will be hereafter.
What is called genius is the abundance of life and health.
If you've got a talent, protect it.
When one must, one can.
You never know what motivates you.
Your heaviest artillery will be your will to live. Keep that big gun going.
Be thine own palace, or the world's thy jail.
To begin, begin.
One of the things that I did before I ran for president is I was a professional speaker. Not a motivational speaker - an inspirational speaker. Motivation comes from within. You have to be inspired. That's what I do. I inspire people, I inspire the public, I inspire my staff. I inspired the organizations I took over to want to succeed.
I'm thrilled to continue my partnership with U by Kotex for Generation Know while helping to empower girls. I've always been a motivational resource for my younger sisters and hope I can positively impact and inspire other young girls too.
Giving back, doing motivational speeches and stuff like that, that's always made me feel good. If you repeatedly go out there, and you are the change that you want to see, then that's what you are.
Oh, I would love to be a motivational speaker. I have pulled myself out of a million potholes, and I can see the potholes ahead of me. That doesn't mean that I could always do that so perfectly for my own life. I totally fall in potholes.
Typically, if you reward something, you get more of it. You punish something, you get less of it. And our businesses have been built for the last 150 years very much on that kind of motivational scheme.
I believe that any type of education can be great, but an education about ourselves can create something wonderful. I am a comedian, but people have called me a motivational speaker. I don't really consider myself that at all.
I like to put on hardcore when I have to clean my apartment, which I hate to do, but it's motivational. I like old heavy metal when I'm outside working on my car. Music has definite functions for me.
I like motivational books, because I like the go-getting American spirit - your destiny is in your own hands, life is what you make it, don't accept your limitations, jump before you're pushed, leap before you look.
Success is the only motivational factor that a boy with character needs.
One day, I got so disgusted that I sat down and wrote a list called 'Justin's list of things to do before he kicks the bucket.' I wrote it for myself and shortened it to 'Justin's Bucket List.' It was there on the wall, not as a story idea but as a motivational tool for myself, which actually ended up working pretty well.
I realized I love motivating and I love empowering and I love inspiring people. I did that as an athlete for 18 years, and I am able to do that as a motivational speaker now as well as doing work on television.
I've always thought of acting as more of an exercise in empathy, which is not to be confused with sympathy. You're trying to get inside a certain emotional reality or motivational reality and try to figure out what that's about so you can represent it.
I went to a motivational training course once, a course of self-discovery, and I found out after a week that my fear - it was not a fear of not being accepted - was a very violent fear of failure.
As long as I'm not selling out the people that ride or die with me, I'm glad I'm not an MC. I'm a motivational speaker. I'm not that rapper dude.
Religious speech is extreme, emotional, and motivational. It is anti-literal, relying on metaphor, allusion, and other rhetorical devices, and it assumes knowledge within a community of believers.
I'm going to write a book, continue acting, continue motivational speaking and just share with people who I am and what I've learned in my second chance of life and pass it on to people in their first chance of life.
Earl Nightingale has inspired more people toward success and fortune than any other motivational speaker on the planet.
People always accuse me of being motivational in a way, like it was a bad thing, but that's just how I was raised. My mom raised me in a positive environment, with lots of love in my heart, and that reflects in my music.
I'm a motivational speaker.
Courage is being scared to death, and saddling up anyway
I skate to where the puck is going to be, not where it has been
As long as you're going to be thinking anyway, think big.
If you build an Army of 100 Lions & their Leaders is a Dog, in any fight,the Lions will die like a Dog, but if you build an Army of 100 & Dogs their Leaders is a Lion, all Dogs will fight like a Lion
I am not afraid of an army of lions led by a sheep; I am afraid of an army of sheep led by a lion.
I am sometimes a fox and sometimes a lion. The whole secret of government lies in knowing when to be the one or the other.
Fear is not real. It is a product of thoughts you create. Do not misunderstand me. Danger is very real. But fear is a choice.
Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.
Where you goin'? Nowhere. You're goin' nowhere!
You think anybody wants a roundhouse kick to the face while I'm wearing these bad boys?
May the wings of liberty never lose a feather.
Why worry? Each of us is wearing an unlicensed nuclear accelerator on his back.
I'm in a glass case of emotion!
I tend to think of myself as a one-man wolf pack.
Sometimes, the only choices you have are bad ones. But you still have to choose.
Old ladies die all the time. It's practically their job description.
Life's like a movie. Write your own ending.
The media's the most powerful entity on earth. They have the power to make the innocent guilty and to make the guilty innocent, and that's power. Because they control the minds of the masses.
Nobody can give you freedom. Nobody can give you equality or justice or anything. If you're a man, you take it.
Be peaceful, be courteous, obey the law, respect everyone; but if someone puts his hand on you, send him to the cemetery.
There is no better than adversity. Every defeat, every heartbreak, every loss, contains its own seed, its own lesson on how to improve your performance the next time.
I'm for truth, no matter who tells it. I'm for justice, no matter who it's for or against.
I am for violence if non-violence means we continue postponing a solution to the American black man's problem just to avoid violence.
The future belongs to those who prepare for it today.
Education is the passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today.
I don't even call it violence when it's in self defense; I call it intelligence.
The American Negro never can be blamed for his racial animosities - he is only reacting to 400 years of the conscious racism of the American whites.
I believe in the brotherhood of man, all men, but I don't believe in brotherhood with anybody who doesn't want brotherhood with me. I believe in treating people right, but I'm not going to waste my time trying to treat somebody right who doesn't know how to return the treatment.
If you don't stand for something you will fall for anything.
America needs to understand Islam, because this is the one religion that erases from its society the race problem. Throughout my travels in the Muslim world, I have met, talked to, even eaten with people who in America would have been considered 'white,' but the 'white' attitude had been removed from their minds by the religion of Islam.
You can't separate peace from freedom because no one can be at peace unless he has his freedom.
America preaches integration and practices segregation.
No, we are not anti-white. But we don't have time for the white man. The white man is on top already, the white man is the boss already... He has first-class citizenship already. So you are wasting your time talking to the white man. We are working on our own people.
I have more respect for a man who lets me know where he stands, even if he's wrong. Than the one who comes up like an angel and is nothing but a devil.
If you have no critics you'll likely have no success.
A mind is like a parachute. It doesn't work if it is not open
People aren't against you; They are for themselves.
Climb the mountain not to plant your flag, but to embrace the challenge, enjoy the air and behold the view. Climb it so you can see the world, not so the world can see you
You learn more from failure then from success. Don't let it stop you. Failure builds character.
The most dangerous risk of all - The risk of spending your life not doing what you want on the bet you can buy yourself the freedom to do it later.
Go where you're celebrated, not where you're tolerated.
The person that you will spend the most time with in your life is yourself, so better try to make yourself as interesting as possible.
If you accept your limitations you go beyond them.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bating. That's why we recommend it daily.
Everyone you meet is afraid of something, loves something and has lost something.
Comfort is the enemy of achievement.
You can't have a million-dollar dream with a minimum-wage work ethic.
When I was young, I observed that nine out of 10 things I did were failures. So I did 10 times more work.
If you have an idea of what you want to do in your future, you must go at it with almost monastic obsession, be it music, the ballet or just a basic degree. You have to go at it single-mindedly and let nothing get in your way.
Give your dreams all you've got and you'll be amazed at the energy that comes out of you.Give your dreams all you've got and you'll be amazed at the energy that comes out of you.
Many people think they want things, but they don't really have the strength, the discipline. They are weak. I believe that you get what you want if you want it badly enough.
Put your heart, mind, intellect and soul even to your smallest acts. This is the secret of success.
If a man is called a street sweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the hosts of heaven and Earth will pause to say, 'Here lived a great street sweeper who did his job well.'
All life demands struggle. Those who have everything given to them become lazy, selfish and insensitive to the real values of life. The very striving and hard work that we so constantly try to avoid is the major building block in the person we are today.
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work.
God gives every bird its food, but He does not throw it into its nest.
Much good work is lost for the lack of a little more.
The person who is waiting for something to turn up might start with their shirt sleeves.
Those at the top of the mountain didn't fall there.
If you feel you are down on your luck, check the level of your effort.
You're either changing your life or you're not. No waiting for this or that or better weather or other hurdles. Hurdles are the change.
He who is outside his door has the hardest part of his journey behind him.
I do not know anyone who has got to the top without hard work. That is the recipe. It will not always get you to the top, but should get you pretty near.
The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for the circumstances they want, and, if they can't find them, make them.
Both liberty and among the primary goals pursued by human beings throughout many centuries; but total liberty for wolves is death to the lambs, total liberty of the powerful, the gifted, is not compatible with the rights to a decent existence of the weak and the less gifted. equality are.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says "I'm possible"!
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.
Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it.
If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough.
Remember no one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
I can accept failure. Everyone fails at something. But I cannot accept not trying.
Be patient with yourself. Self-growth is tender, it's holy ground. There's no greater investment.
In every success story, you will find someone who has made a courageous decision.
We must train from the inside out. Using our strengths to attack and nullify any weaknesses. It's not about denying a weakness may exist but about denying its right to persist.
All of the great leaders have had one characteristic in common: it was the willingness to confront unequivocally the major anxiety of their people in their time. This, and not much else, is the essence of leadership.
My best advice to entrepreneurs is this: Forget about making mistakes, just do it.
Achievement seems to be connected with action. Successful men and women keep moving. They make mistakes but they don't quit.
Ambition is the steam that drives men forward on the road to success. Only the engine under full steam can make the grade.
Continuous learning is the minimum requirement for success in any field.
Everyone who achieves success in a great venture solved each problem as they came to it. They helped themselves and they were helped through powers known and unknown to them at the time they set out on their voyage. They kept going regardless of the obstacles they met.
Experience taught me a few things. One is to listen to your gut no matter how good something sounds on paper. The second is that you are generally better off sticking with what you know and the third is that sometimes, your best investments are the ones you don't make.
Failure isn't failure unless you don't learn from it.
Enthusiasm is the sparkle in your eyes, the swing in your gait, the grip of your hand and the irresistible surge of will and energy to execute your ideas.
Desire is the key to motivation, but it's determination and commitment to an unrelenting pursuit of your goal -- a commitment to excellence -- that will enable you to attain the success you seek.
The secret of joy in work is contained in one word: excellence. To know how to do something well is to enjoy it.
If you hear a voice within you saying 'you are not a painter' then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced.
You are to set your own value, communicate that value to the world, and then not settle for less. Sound daunting? That's just because it takes you out of your comfort zone. You have got to stop being an obstacle on your own path to wealth and security and happiness. You must understand that valuing yourself is well within your control.
The greatest discovery of my generation is that people can alter their lives by altering their attitudes.
Failure is just a resting place. It is an opportunity to begin again more intelligently.
The entrepreneur is essentially a visualizer and actualizer. He can visualize something, and when he visualizes it he sees exactly how to make it happen.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart.
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do, so throw off the bowlines, sail away from safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore, Dream, Discover.
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any.
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck.
You can't use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have.
I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear.
I would rather die of passion than of boredom.
A truly rich man is one whose children run into his arms when his hands are empty.
What'is money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.
I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do.
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.
Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.
If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat! Just get on.
Certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those that capture the heart.
Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life. When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up. I wrote down "happy. They told me I didn't understand the assignment, and I told them they didn't understand life.
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light.
Nothing will work unless you do.
I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the water to create many ripples.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
An organization, no matter how well designed, is only as good as the people who live and work in it.
Start with good people, lay out the rules, communicate with your employees, motivate them and reward them. If you do all those things effectively, you can't miss.
There is only one boss. The customer. And he can fire everybody in the company from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else.
Sales are contingent upon the attitude of the salesman - not the attitude of the prospect.
One of the challenges in networking is everybody thinks it's making cold calls to strangers. Actually, it's the people who already have strong trust relationships with you, who know you're dedicated, smart, a team player, who can help you.
Our work is the presentation of our capabilities.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
If you don't drive your business, you will be driven out of business.
I want to put a ding in the universe.
An organization's ability to learn, and translate that learning into action rapidly, is the ultimate competitive advantage.
Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's useless.
The common question that gets asked in business is, 'why?' That's a good question, but an equally valid question is, 'why not?'
The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows.
Some people regard private enterprise as a predatory tiger to be shot. Others look on it as a cow they can milk. Not enough people see it as a healthy horse, pulling a sturdy wagon.
The first responsibility of a leader is to define reality. The last is to say thank you. In between, the leader is a servant.
Do more than is required. What is the distance between someone who achieves their goals consistently and those who spend their lives and careers merely following? The extra mile.
Almost all quality improvement comes via simplification of design, manufacturing... layout, processes, and procedures.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
Everyone is your best friend when you are successful. Make sure that the people that you surround yourself with are also the people that you are not afraid of failing with.
Rank does not confer privilege or give power. It imposes responsibility.
Happiness does not come from doing easy work but from the afterglow of satisfaction that comes after the achievement of a difficult task that demanded our best.
Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with improving your other innovations.
Details create the big picture.
If one does not know to which port one is sailing, no wind is favorable.
Definition of Statistics: The science of producing unreliable facts from reliable figures.
Don't worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats.
The majority of men meet with failure because of their lack of persistence in creating new plans to take the place of those which fail.
It's OK to have your eggs in one basket as long as you control what happens to that basket.
The leader who exercises power with honor will work from the inside out, starting with himself.
Profit in business comes from repeat customers, customers that boast about your project or service, and that bring friends with them.
Not for nothing is their motto TGIF - 'Thank God It's Friday.' They live for the weekends, when they can go do what they really want to do.
The way to get things done is not to mind who gets the credit for doing them.
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
I am certainly not one of those who need to be prodded. In fact, if anything, I am the prod.
People are definitely a company's greatest asset. It doesn't make any difference whether the product is cars or cosmetics. A company is only as good as the people it keeps.
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
Punctuality is one of the cardinal business virtues: always insist on it in your subordinates.
Markets change, tastes change, so the companies and the individuals who choose to compete in those markets must change.
Most of what we call management consists of making it difficult for people to get their work done.
If the career you have chosen has some unexpected inconvenience, console yourself by reflecting that no career is without them.
Ideas pull the trigger, but instinct loads the gun.
It's easy to make a buck. It's a lot tougher to make a difference.
So little done, so much to do.
The work of the individual still remains the spark that moves mankind ahead even more than teamwork.
It is not from the benevolence of the butcher, the brewer, or the baker that we expect our dinner, but from their regard to their own interest.
Try, try, try, and keep on trying is the rule that must be followed to become an expert in anything.
The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell.
And while the law of competition may be sometimes hard for the individual, it is best for the race, because it ensures the survival of the fittest in every department.
When in doubt, mumble; when in trouble, delegate; when in charge, ponder.
The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity.
Test fast, fail fast, adjust fast.
People who don't take risks generally make about two big mistakes a year. People who do take risks generally make about two big mistakes a year.
The meek shall inherit the Earth, but not its mineral rights.
Birds make great sky-circles of their freedom. How do they learn it? They fall, and falling, they're given wings.
Opportunities don't happen, you create them.
Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs.
Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.
Don't give up on your dreams, or your dreams will give up on you.
Leap, and the net will appear.
Without ambition, one starts nothing. Without work, one finishes nothing. The prize will not be sent to you. You have to win it.
It always seems impossible until it's done.
I can't imagine a person becoming a success who doesn't give this game of life everything he's got.
Work hard, be kind, and amazing things will happen.
Remember to celebrate milestones as you prepare for the road ahead.
My philosophy of life is that if we make up our mind what we are going to make of our lives, then work hard toward that goal. We never lose, somehow we win out.
Nothing is really work unless you would rather be doing something else.
Happiness is the real sense of fulfillment that comes from hard work.
Don't ever let somebody tell you you can't do something. Not even me. You got a dream, you gotta protect it. People can't do somethin' themselves, they wanna tell you you can't do it. If you want somethin', go get it. Period.
It's supposed to be hard. If it wasn't hard everyone would do it. The hard is what makes it great.
Your chances of survival are about one in a thousand. Forget about the thousand. Concentrate on the one.
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily.
Chase the vision, not the money, the money will end up following you.
You don't learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing and falling over.
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.
Everybody has a plan until they get punched in the mouth.
We would estimate, very roughly, that a master has spent perhaps 10,000 to 50,000 hours staring at chess positions.
Because your brain doesn't have a brain.
Let's get real, or let's not play
A sentence should never be cruel and unusual.
I have made this letter longer that usual because I lack the time to make it shorter.
Clarity begins at home.
The trouble with so many of us is that we underestimate the power of simplicity.
I never write 'metropolis' for seven cents when I can write 'city' and get paid the same.
When writing about science, don't simplify the science; simplify the writing.
This report, by its very length, defends itself against the risk of being read.
If you don't have time to read, you don't have the time (or the tools) to write. Simple as that.
All good writing begins with terrible first efforts. You need to start somewhere.
Good writing is clear thinking made visible.
Easy reading is damn hard writing
No compulsion in the world is stronger than the urge to edit someone else's document.
You can't have a million-dollar dream with a minimum-wage work ethic.
When I was young, I observed that nine out of 10 things I did were failures. So I did 10 times more work.
If you have an idea of what you want to do in your future, you must go at it with almost monastic obsession, be it music, the ballet or just a basic degree. You have to go at it single-mindedly and let nothing get in your way.
Give your dreams all you've got and you'll be amazed at the energy that comes out of you.
Many people think they want things, but they don't really have the strength, the discipline. They are weak. I believe that you get what you want if you want it badly enough.
Put your heart, mind, intellect and soul even to your smallest acts. This is the secret of success.
If a man is called a street sweeper, he should sweep streets even as Michelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music, or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the hosts of heaven and Earth will pause to say, 'Here lived a great street sweeper who did his job well.'
All life demands struggle. Those who have everything given to them become lazy, selfish and insensitive to the real values of life. The very striving and hard work that we so constantly try to avoid is the major building block in the person we are today.
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work.
God gives every bird its food, but He does not throw it into its nest.
Much good work is lost for the lack of a little more.
The person who is waiting for something to turn up might start with their shirt sleeves.
Those at the top of the mountain didn't fall there.
If you feel you are down on your luck, check the level of your effort.
You're either changing your life or you're not. No waiting for this or that or better weather or other hurdles. Hurdles are the change.
He who is outside his door has the hardest part of his journey behind him.
I do not know anyone who has got to the top without hard work. That is the recipe. It will not always get you to the top, but should get you pretty near.
The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for the circumstances they want, and, if they can't find them, make them.
A person who does not want to be struck by the enemy's arrows will have no divine protection.
The Doctor: You just want cruelty to beget cruelty. You're not superior to people who were cruel to you. You're just a whole bunch of new cruel people. A whole bunch of new cruel people, being cruel to some other people, who'll end up being cruel to you. The only way anyone can live in peace is if they're prepared to forgive. Why don't you break the cycle?  Bonnie: Why should we?  The Doctor: What is it that you actually want?  Bonnie: War.  The Doctor: Ah. And when this war is over, when -- when you have the homeland free from humans, what do you think it's going to be like? Do you know? Have you thought about it? Have you given it any consideration? Because you're very close to getting what you want. What's it going to be like? Paint me a picture. Are you going to live in houses? Do you want people to go to work? What'll be holidays? Oh! Will there be music? Do you think people will be allowed to play violins? Who will make the violins? Well? Oh, You don't actually know, do you? Because, just like every other tantruming child in history, Bonnie, you don't actually know what you want. So, let me ask you a question about this brave new world of yours. When you've killed all the bad guys, and it's all perfect and just and fair, when you have finally got it exactly the way you want it, what are you going to do with the people like you? The troublemakers. How are you going to protect your glorious revolution from the next one?  Bonnie: We'll win.  Doctor: Oh, will you? Well maybe -- maybe you will win. But nobody wins for long. The wheel just keeps turning. So, come on. Break the cycle.  Bonnie: Then why are you still talking?  The Doctor: Because I'm trying to get you to see. And I'm almost there.  Bonnie: Do you know what I see, Doctor? A box. A box with everything I need. A 50% chance.  Kate: For us, too.  [The Doctor sighs.]  The Doctor: And we're off! Fingers on buzzers! Are you feeling lucky? Are you ready to play the game? Who's going to be quickest? Who's going to be the luckiest?  Kate: This is not a game!  The Doctor: No, it's not a game, sweetheart, and I mean that most sincerely.  Bonnie: Why are you doing this?  Kate: Yes, I'd like to know that too. You set this up -- why?  The Doctor: Because it's not a game, Kate. This is a scale model of war. Every war ever fought right there in front of you. Because it's always the same. When you fire that first shot, no matter how right you feel, you have no idea who's going to die. You don't know who's children are going to scream and burn. How many hearts will be broken! How many lives shattered! How much blood will spill until everybody does what they're always going to have to do from the very beginning -- sit down and talk! Listen to me, listen. I just -- I just want you to think. Do you know what thinking is? It's just a fancy word for changing your mind.  Bonnie: I will not change my mind.  The Doctor: Then you will die stupid. Alternatively, you could step away from that box. You could walk right out of that door, and you could stand your revolution down.  Bonnie: No, I'm not stopping this, Doctor. I started it. I will not stop it. You think they'll let me go after what I've done?  The Doctor: You're all the same, you screaming kids, you know that? "Look at me, I'm unforgivable." Well here's the unforeseeable, I forgive you. After all you've done. I forgive you.  Bonnie: You don't understand. You will never understand.  The Doctor: I don't understand? Are you kidding? Me? Of course I understand. I mean, do you call this a war, this funny little thing? This is not a war. I fought in a bigger war than you will ever know. I did worse things than you could ever imagine, and when I close my eyes... I hear more screams than anyone could ever be able to count! And do you know what you do with all that pain? Shall I tell you where you put it? You hold it tight... Til it burns your hand. And you say this -- no one else will ever have to live like this. No one else will ever have to feel this pain. Not on my watch.  [Kate closes her box.]  The Doctor: Thank you. Thank you.  Kate: I'm sorry.  The Doctor: I know. I know, thank you.  [The Doctor looks back to Bonnie.]  Well?  Bonnie: It's empty, isn't it? Both boxes -- there's nothing in them. Just buttons.  The Doctor: Of course. But you know how you know that? Because you've started to think like me. It's hell, isn't it? No one should have to think like that. And no one will. Not on our watch.  [The Doctor and Bonnie stare at one another for a moment.]  The Doctor: Gotcha.  Bonnie: How can you be so sure?  The Doctor: Because you have a disadvantage, Zygella. I know that face.  Kate: Well, this is all very well, but as know the boxes are empty now. We can't forget that.  The Doctor: No, well, uh... You've said that the last 15 times.  [The Doctor uses his sunglasses, which begin pulsing.]  Bonnie: You didn't wipe my memory.  The Doctor: No. Just Kate's. Oh, and your little friends here, of course. When they wake up, they won't remember what you've done. It'll be our secret.  Bonnie: You're going to protect me?  Osgood: Well, you're one of us now, whether you like it or not.  Bonnie: I don't understand how You could just forgive me.  The Doctor: Because I've been where you have. There was another box. I was gonna press another button. I was going to wipe out all of my own kind. Man, woman, and child. I was so sure I was right.  Bonnie: What happened?  The Doctor: Same thing that happened to you. I let Clara Oswald get inside my head.  [The Doctor looks at Clara.]  The Doctor: Trust me... She doesn't leave.
Happiness is when what you think, what you say and what you do are in harmony.
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
There is more to life than increasing its speed.
Power is of two kinds. One is obtained by the fear of punishment and the other by acts of love. Power based on love is a thousand times more effective and permanent then the one derived from fear of punishment.
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
When you're good at something, you'll tell everyone. When you're great at something, they'll tell you.
Your talent determines what you can do. Your motivation determines how much you are willing to do. Your attitude determines how well you do it.
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge -- but rather in a lack of will.
Setting a goal is not the main thing. It is deciding how you will go about achieving it and staying with that plan.
Nobody who ever gave his best regretted it.
There are only three things you should ever do about a mistake: Admit it, learn from it, don't repeat it.
Talent sets the floor, character sets the ceiling.
Winning is what happens when commitment, desire, talent, preparation, hard work and leadership all come together.
Humble enough to prepare, confident enough to perform.
If you can believe it, the mind can achieve it.
Leadership is a matter of having people look at you and gain confidence. If you're in control, they're in control.
The quality of a person's life is in direct proportion to their commitment to excellence, regardless of their chosen field of endeavor.
If football taught me anything about business, it is that you win the game one play at a time.
Today I will do what others won't, so tomorrow I can accomplish what others can't.
Self-praise is for losers. Be a winner. Stand for something. Always have class, and be humble.
You are never a loser until you quit trying.
Adversity is an opportunity for heroism.
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.
Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.
Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind.
A quick temper will make a fool of you soon enough.
Showing off is the fool's idea of glory.
I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times.
Real living is living for others.
Love is like a friendship caught on fire. In the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. As love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable.
As you think, so shall you become.
Demons run when a good man goes to war Night will fall and drown the sun When a good man goes to war  Friendship dies and true love lies Night will fall and the dark will rise When a good man goes to war  Demons run, but count the cost The battle's won, but the child is lost
People assume that time is a strict progression of cause to effect, but *actually* from a non-linear, non-subjective viewpoint - it's more like a big ball of wibbly wobbly... time-y wimey... stuff.
You want weapons? We're in a library. Books are the best weapon in the world. This room's the greatest arsenal we could have. Arm yourself!
There's something that doesn't make sense. Let's go and poke it with a stick.
Through crimson stars and silent stars and tumbling nebulas like oceans set on fire; through empires of glass and civilizations of pure thought, and a whole, terrible, wonderful universe of impossibilities. You see these eyes? They're old eyes. And one thing I can tell you, Alex... Monsters are real.
And if anyone happens to ask whether I made any material difference to the welfare of this planet, you can tell them I came and went like a summer cloud.
It's like when you're a kid. The first time they tell you that the world's turning and you just can't quite believe it 'cause everything looks like it's standing still... I can feel it: the turn of the Earth. The ground beneath our feet is spinning at 1,000 miles an hour and the entire planet is hurtling around the sun at 67,000 miles an hour, and I can feel it. We're falling through space, you and me, clinging to the skin of this tiny little world, and if we let go... That's who I am
When you wake up... I'll be a story in your head. But that's okay. We're all stories, in the end... just make it a good one, eh? Because it was. It was the best.
There are worlds out there where the sky is burning, and the sea's asleep, and the rivers dream; people made of smoke and cities made of song. Somewhere there's danger, somewhere there's injustice, and somewhere else the tea's getting cold. Come on, Ace. We've got work to do.
I'm a Time Lord... you don't understand the implications. I'm not a human being; I walk in eternity.
We all change, when you think about it. We're all different people all through our lives. And that's okay, that's good, you've got to keep moving, so long as you remember all the people that you used to be. I will not forget one line of this. Not one day. I swear. I will always remember when the Doctor was me.
Have you ever thought what it's like to be wanderers in the Fourth Dimension? Have you? To be exiles? Susan and I are cut off from our own planet - without friends or protection. But one day we shall get back. Yes, one day.
The way I see it, every life is a pile of good things and bad things. The good things don't always soften the bad things, but vice versa, the bad things don't always spoil the good things and make them unimportant.
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best.
In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can.
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
On Tactics level you are right, but on strategy level you are completely wrong
If I didn't take people where they hired me to take them, I wouldn't expect them to get back on my bus. We expect leaders to take us where we want to go. The problem, it seems to me, begins when they don't. When things do not improve and yet these leaders keep expecting us to get on their bus, I think this is when leaders become something else. Politicians.
Like sewage, smartphones, and Donald Trump, some things are just inevitable.
The way I see it, every life is a pile of good things and bad things. The good things don't always soften the bad things, but vice versa, the bad things don't always spoil the good things and make them unimportant.
Do what I do. Hold tight and pretend it's a plan!
In 900 years of time and space, I've never met anyone who wasn't important
We're all stories, in the end. Just make it a good one, eh?
Letting it get to you. You know what that's called? Being alive. Best thing there is. Being alive right now is all that counts.
You don't just give up. You don't just let things happen. You make a stand! You say no! You have the guts to do what's right, even when everyone else just runs away.
People assume that time is a strict progression of cause to effect, but *actually* from a non-linear, non-subjective viewpoint - it's more like a big ball of wibbly wobbly... time-y wimey... stuff
There's something that doesn't make sense. Let's go and poke it with a stick.
You know, the very powerful and the very stupid have one thing in common: they don't alter their views to fit the facts; they alter the facts to fit their views.
if you wanted to do something absolutely honest, something true, it always turned out to be a thing that had to be done alone.
We believe in ordinary acts of bravery, in the courage that drives one person to stand up for another.
Don't think or judge, just listen.
One day, in retrospect, the years of struggle will strike you as the most beautiful.
Don't be afraid of your fears. They're not there to scare you. They're there to let you know that something is worth it.
You will find that it is necessary to let things go; simply for the reason that they are heavy. So let them go, let go of them. I tie no weights to my ankles.
Thinking something does not make it true. Wanting something does not make it real.
No matter what happens, or how bad it seems today, life does go on, and it will be better tomorrow.
The unhappiest people in this world, are those who care the most about what other people think.
Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.
If you want to be happy, do not dwell in the past, do not worry about the future, focus on living fully in the present.
Respect other people's feelings. It might mean nothing to you, but it could mean everything to them.
Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.
Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create.
It's only after you've stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform.
More smiling, less worrying. More compassion, less judgment. More blessed, less stressed. More love, less hate.
Acts of Kindness: A random act of kindness, no matter how small, can make a tremendous impact on someone else's life.
Live the Life of Your Dreams: Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.
Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals. If you aren't grateful for what you already have, what makes you think you would be happy with more.
Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular.
No amount of regretting can change the past, and no amount of worrying can change the future.
When someone loves you, the way they talk about you is different. You feel safe and comfortable.
I no longer believed in the idea of soul mates, or love at first sight. But I was beginning to believe that a very few times in your life, if you were lucky, you might meet someone who was exactly right for you. Not because he was perfect, or because you were, but because your combined flaws were arranged in a way that allowed two separate beings to hinge together.
Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike.
The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed.
A guy and a girl can be just friends, but at one point or another, they will fall for each other...Maybe temporarily, maybe at the wrong time, maybe too late, or maybe forever
For the two of us, home isn't a place. It is a person. And we are finally home.
Man may have discovered fire, but women discovered how to play with it.
I mean, if the relationship can't survive the long term, why on earth would it be worth my time and energy for the short term?
When you stop expecting people to be perfect, you can like them for who they are.
I can't give you a sure-fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody all the time.
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. No use being a damn fool about it.
Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value.
We should always be asking ourselves: "Is this something that is, or is not, in my control?"
Whatever happens to you has been waiting to happen since the beginning of time. The twining strands of fate wove both of them together.
We suffer more in imagination than in reality.
It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows.
The things you think about determine the quality of your mind.
Waste no more time arguing what a good man should be. Be one.
It is the power of the mind to be unconquerable.
Seek not for events to happen as you wish but rather wish for events to happen as they do and your life will go smoothly.
The first rule is to keep an untroubled spirit. The second is to look things in the face and know them for what they are.
Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly.
While we are postponing, life speeds by.
How much more grievous are the consequences of anger than the causes of it.
Is freedom anything else than the right to live as we wish? Nothing else.
A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials.
It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live.
Planning to retire? Before you do find your hidden passion, do the thing that you have always wanted to do.
You don't stop laughing when you grow old, you grow old when you stop laughing.
Don't act your age in retirement. Act like the inner young person you have always been.
Retirement is supposed to be the great escape from the stresses inherent in most jobs, a time to experience a fulfilling life derived from many enjoyable and rewarding activities.
A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams.
Stay young at heart, kind in spirit, and enjoy retirement living.
Once the mindless myths associated with aging are dispelled, people of traditional retirement age must learn to identify the purpose they can pursue with a passion.
The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender.
The question isn't at what age I want to retire, it's at what income.
The trouble with retirement is that you never get a day off.
Rest is not idleness, and to lie sometimes on the grass under trees on a summer's day, listening to the murmur of the water, or watching the clouds float across the sky, is by no means a waste of time.
I'm very pleased to be here. Let's face it, at my age I'm very pleased to be anywhere.
Choose a work that you love and you won't have to work another day.
When a man retires, his wife gets twice the husband but only half the income.
Often when you think you're at the end of something, you're at the beginning of something else.
Don't simply retire from something; have something to retire to.
There is a whole new kind of life ahead, full of experiences just waiting to happen. Some call it "retirement." I call it bliss.
A gold watch is the most appropriate gift for retirement, as its recipients have given up so many of their golden hours in a lifetime of service.
Sooner or later I'm going to die, but I'm not going to retire.
Please remember that retirement is a different way of life, with new challenges and opportunities. You need to adapt and adjust to this new lifestyle, and that takes time, effort, and creativity.
As in all successful ventures, the foundation of a good retirement is planning.
You are never too old to set a new goal or dream a new dream.
Retirement does not mean that you are all through. It means that you have experienced a big break-through to a new freedom, with the time to do the things you've always wanted to do.
Today we are living longer and retiring earlier, allowing us twenty-five or more years to pursue lifelong goals and passions. Rather than fading into the sunset, we have time to rediscover our personal uniqueness, deepen relationships, and question the mysteries of life.
Preparation for old age should begin not later than one's teens. A life which is empty of purpose until 65 will not suddenly become filled on retirement.
Retire from work, but not from life.
Age is only a number, a cipher for the records. A man can't retire his experience. He must use it. Experience achieves more with less energy and time.
Those who think they have no time for bodily exercise will sooner or later have to find time for illness.
At age 20, we worry about what others think of us. At age 40, we don't care what they think of us. At age 60, we discover they haven't been thinking of us at all.
Retirement is wonderful. It's doing nothing without worrying about getting caught at it.
There is no need for the writer to eat a whole sheep to be able to tell what mutton tastes like.
My writing is full of lives I might have led. A writer imagines what could have happened, not what really happened.
How vain it is to sit down to write when you have not stood up to live.
A writer need not devour a whole sheep in order to know what mutton tastes like, but he must at least eat a chop. Unless he gets his facts right, his imagination will lead him into all kinds of nonsense, and the facts he is most likely to get right are the facts of his own experience.
I write with experiences in mind, but I don't write about them, I write out of them.
Books always Fiction-generalspeak of other books, and every story tells a story that has already been told.
Books are for nothing but to inspire.
It had been startling and disappointing to me to find out that story books had been written by people, that books were not natural wonders, coming up of themselves like grass.
...books should be like a prime rib steak - good and thick.
The sacred-souls of authors are displayed in the beauty of their books.
Professional Book Editor: Having your novel, short story or nonfiction manuscript proofread or edited before submitting it can prove invaluable. In an economic climate where you face heavy competition, your writing needs a second eye to give you the edge. Whether you come from a big city like Portland, Oregon, or a small town like Papa, Hawaii, I can provide that second eye.
The Universe speaks in many languages but only one voice. A language which is not Narn or Human or Centauri or Gaim or Minbari. It speaks in the language of hope.  It speaks in the language of trust. It speaks in the language of strength and the language of compassion. It is the language of the heart and of the language of the soul; but always it is the same voice; it is the voice of our ancestors speaking through us, and the voice of our inheritors waiting to be born; it is the small still voice that says: "We are one." No matter the blood, no matter the skin, no matter the world, no matter the star. We are one. No matter the pain, no matter the darkness, no matter the loss, no matter the fear. We are one. Here, gathered together in common cause we agree to recognize this singular truth and this singular rule: that we must be kind to one another.  Because each voice enriches us and ennobles us, and each voice lost diminishes us. We are the voice of the universe, the soul of creation, the fire that will light the way to a better future.  We are one.  We are one. 
The sooner you start to code, the longer the program will take.
Not all treasure is silver and gold mate
You've stolen me and I-m here to take myself back
If you choose to lock your heart away, you'll lose it for certain
Why fight when you can negotiate?
Wherever we want to go, we go...
This is the day you will always remember as the day you almost caught Captain Jack Sparrow
The seas may be rough, but I am the Captain! No matter how difficult I will always prevail.
The problem is not the problem. The problem is your attitude about the problem. Do you understand?
What a man can do and what a man can't do.
My tremendous intuitive sense of the female creature informs me that you are in trouble.
I regret nothing, ever
Better to not know which moment may be your last alive to be mystery of it all.
Close your eyes and pretend all a bad dream. That's how I get by.
Why is all the rum gone?
Did everyone see that? Because I will not be doing it again.
The world's still the same. There's just less in it.
I can let you drown
Did no one come to save me just because they missed me?
I'm dishonest, and a dishonest man you can always trust to be dishonest. Honestly. It's the honest ones you want to watch out for, because you can never predict when they're going to do something incredibly ... stupid.
If you were waiting for the opportune moment, that was it.
Because things are the way they are, things will not stay the way they are.
Do not rejoice in his defeat, you men. For though the world has stood up and stopped the bastard, the bitch that bore him is in heat again. Unhappy the land that is in need of heroes.
What is the robbing of a bank compared to the founding of a bank?
It is easier to rob by setting up a bank than by holding up a bank clerk.
Do not fear death so much but rather the inadequate life.
Hungry man, reach for the book: it is a weapon.
Everyone chases after happiness, not noticing that happiness is right at their heels.
What happens to the hole when the cheese is gone?
War is like love; it always finds a way.
To live means to finesse the processes to which one is subjugated.
From the cradle to the coffin underwear comes first.
Sometimes it's more important to be human, than to have good taste.
Temptation to behave is terrible.
The law was made for one thing alone, for the exploitation of those who don't understand it, or are prevented by naked misery from obeying it.
Do not fear death so much but rather the inadequate life.
Intelligence is not to make no mistakes, but quickly to see how to make them good.
Because things are the way they are, things will not stay the way they are.
What they could do with 'round here is a good war. What else can you expect with peace running wild all over the place? You know what the trouble with peace is? No organization.
The world of knowledge takes a crazy turn when teachers themselves are taught to learn.
The defeats and victories of the fellows at the top aren't always defeats and victories for the fellows at the bottom.
It's all right to hesitate if you then go ahead.
What a miserable thing life is: you're living in clover, only the clover isn't good enough.
Right is its own defense.
Society cannot share a common communication system so long as it is split into warring factions.
Poverty makes you wise but it's a curse.
He who laughs has not yet heard the bad news.
Unhappy the land that is in need of heroes.
No one can be good for long if goodness is not in demand.
Poverty makes you sad as well as wise.
Whenever there are great virtues, it's a sure sign something wrong.
The finest plans have always been spoiled by the littleness of them that should carry them out. Even emperors can't do it all by themselves.
One forgets too easily the difference between a man and his image, and that there is none between the sound of his voice on the screen and in real life.
You don't need to pray to God any more when there are storms in the sky, but you do have to be insured.
Don't tell me peace has broken out.
There are many elements to a campaign. Leadership is number one. Everything else is number two.
Why be a man when you can be a success?
No one will improve your lot if you do not yourself.
People are too durable, that's their main trouble. They can do too much to themselves, they last too long.
Science knows only one commandment - contribute to science.
Grub first, then ethics.
People remain what they are even if their faces fall apart.
Everyone needs help from everyone.
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing had happened.
Loyal customers, they don't just come back, they don't simply recommend you, they insist that their friends do business with you.
In the world of Internet customer service, it's important to remember your competitor is only one mouse click away.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
Customer service represents the heart of a brand in the hearts of its customers.
Quality is remembered long after the price is forgotten.
Customer service shouldn't just be a department, it should be the entire company.    Tony Hsieh
There is a big difference between a satisfied customer and a loyal customer. Never settle for 'satisfied'.
It is not the employer who pays the wages. Employers only handle the money. It is the customer who pays the wages.
Although your customers won't love you if you give bad service, your competitors will.
Courteous treatment will make a customer a walking advertisement.
It's not enough to have lived. We should be determined to live for something.
The path to our destination is not always a straight one. We go down the wrong road, we get lost, we turn back. Maybe it doesn't matter which road we embark on. Maybe what matters is that we embark.
People take different roads seeking fulfillment and happiness. Just because they're not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost.
The heart of human excellence often begins to beat when you discover a pursuit that absorbs you, frees you, challenges you, or gives you a sense of meaning, joy, or passion.
Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement.
To begin to think with purpose, is to enter the ranks of those strong ones who only recognize failure as one of the pathways to attainment.
The mystery of human existence lies not in just staying alive, but in finding something to live for.
The soul which has no fixed purpose in life is lost; to be everywhere, is to be nowhere.
If you can tune into your purpose and really align with it, setting goals so that your vision is an expression of that purpose, then life flows much more easily.
The person without a purpose is like a ship without a rudder.
Efforts and courage are not enough without purpose and direction.
True happiness... is not attained through self-gratification, but through fidelity to a worthy purpose.
The best way to lengthen out our days is to walk steadily and with a purpose.
Singleness of purpose is one of the chief essentials for success in life, no matter what may be one's aim.
Musicians must make music, artists must paint, poets must write if they are ultimately to be at peace with themselves. What humans can be, they must be.
Everyone has been made for some particular work and the desire for that work has been put in every heart.
You must first be who you really are, then do what you need to do, in order to have what you want.
Alice: How long is forever? White Rabbit: Sometimes, just one second.
Sometimes the most productive thing you can do is relax.
Almost everything will work again if you unplug it for a few minutes... Including you.
Of all the things that matter, that really and truly matter, working more efficiently and getting more done, is not one of them.
The key is not to prioritize what's on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities.
You can do anything-but not everything.
Our anxiety does not come from thinking about the future, but from wanting to control it.
Do not anticipate trouble or worry about what may never happen. Keep in the sunlight.
Somehow our devils are never quite what we expect when we meet them face to face.
It's not stress that kills us, it is our reaction to it.
It's a good idea always to do something relaxing prior to making an important decision in your life.
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.
It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might as well not have lived at all - in which case, you fail by default.
Stress is the trash of modern life; we all generate it, but if you don't dispose of it properly, it will pile up and overtake your life.
We can easily manage if we will only take, each day, the burden appointed to it. But the load will be too heavy for us if we carry yesterday's burden over again today, and then add the burden of the morrow before we are required to bear it.
Today expect something good to happen to you no matter what occurred yesterday. Realize the past no longer holds you captive. It can only continue to hurt you if you hold on to it.
When one door closes another door opens; but we so often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door, that we do not see the ones which open for us.
Do not listen with the intent to reply. But listen with the intent to understand.
Choose to love each other even in those moments when you struggle to like each other. Love is a commitment, not a feeling.
Nothing can bring you peace but yourself.
A good way to overcome stress is to help others out of theirs.
In times of stress, the best thing we can do for each other is to listen with our ears and our hearts and to be assured that our questions are just as important as our answers.
Someone I loved once gave me a box full of darkness. It took me years to understand that this too, was a gift.
Many a calm river begins as a turbulent waterfall, yet none hurtles and foams all the way to the sea.
Even too much sunshine can be devastating, while only with rain can growth occur. Accept both as part of the growing process in the garden of life.
Rule number one is, don't sweat the small stuff. Rule number two is, it's all small stuff.
If you want to test your memory, try to recall what you were worrying about one year ago.
Every day brings a choice: to practice stress or to practice peace.
Nothing is permanent in this wicked world - not even our troubles.
We think too much and feel too little.
The hate of men will pass, and dictators die, and the power they took from the people will return to the people. And so long as men die, liberty will never perish.
You'll never find a rainbow if you're looking down.
Failure is unimportant. It takes courage to make a fool of yourself.
I always like walking in the rain, so no one can see me crying.
I remain just one thing, and one thing only - and that is a clown. It places me on a far higher plane than any politician.
In the end, everything is a gag.
Simplicity is a difficult thing to achieve.
Life can be wonderful if you're not afraid of it. All it needs is courage, imagination ... and a little dough.
Imagination means nothing without doing.
Laughter is the tonic, the relief, the surcease from pain.
Let us strive for the impossible. The great achievements throughout history have been the conquest of what seemed the impossible.
A tramp, a gentleman, a poet, a dreamer, a lonely fellow, always hopeful of romance and adventure.
Perfect love is the most beautiful of all frustrations because it is more than one can express.
I am a citizen of the world.
Life is a beautiful magnificent thing, even to a jelly fish.
I hope we shall abolish war and settle all differences at the conference table.
If you're really truthful with yourself, it's a wonderful guidance.
The saddest thing I can imagine is to get used to luxury.
All I need to make a comedy is a park, a policeman and a pretty girl.
I suppose that's one of the ironies of life  doing the wrong thing at the right moment.
The deeper the truth in a creative work, the longer it will live.
What a sad business, being funny
We must laugh in the face of our helplessness against the forces of nature - or go insane.
If you repeat a lie often enough, it becomes politics
Why don't you like hugging, Doctor? Never trust a hug. Its just a way to hide your face.
You know, I'm over two thousand years old. I'm old enough to be your messiah.
Alice laughed. 'There's no use trying,' she said. 'One can't believe impossible things.'  I daresay you haven't had much practice,' said the Queen. 'When I was your age, I always did it for half-an-hour a day. Why, sometimes I've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast. There goes the shawl again!
Experts and specialists lead you quickly into chaos. They are a source of useless nit-picking, the ferocious quibble over a comma.
Wealth is a tool of freedom, but the pursuit of wealth is the way to slavery.
There is no real ending. It's just the place where you stop the story.
Absolute power does not corrupt absolutely, absolute power attracts the corruptible.
When you kill a king, you don't stab him in the dark. You kill him where the entire court can watch him die
Every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end.
There are more things, Lucilius, that frighten us than injure us, and we suffer more in imagination than in reality.
Not how long, but how well you have lived is the main thing.
Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.
All cruelty springs from weakness.
Fate leads the willing, and drags along the reluctant.
Time heals what reason cannot.
As is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what matters.
We are more often frightened than hurt; and we suffer more from imagination than from reality.
True happiness is to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future, not to amuse ourselves with either hopes or fears but to rest satisfied with what we have, which is sufficient, for he that is so, wants nothing.
Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life.
Throw me to the wolves and I will return leading the pack.
They lose the day in expectation of the night, and the night in fear of the dawn.
Every night before going to sleep, we must ask ourselves: what weakness did I overcome today? What virtue did I acquire?
Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body.
We are always complaining that our days are few, and acting as though there would be no end of them.
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare; it is because we do not dare that things are difficult.
Associate with people who are likely to improve you.
Man is affected not by events but by the view he takes of them.
We suffer more often in imagination than in reality.
You want to live but do you know how to live? You are scared of dying and tell me, is the kind of life you lead really any different from being dead?
The greatest blessings of mankind are within us and within our reach. A wise man is content with his lot, whatever it may be, without wishing for what he has not.
Hang on to your youthful enthusiasms  you'll be able to use them better when you're older.
You act like mortals in all that you fear, and like immortals in all that you desire.
If a man knows not to which port he sails, no wind is favorable.
It is not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, that is poor.
The bravest sight in the world is to see a great man struggling against adversity.
It is not that we have so little time but that we lose so much. ... The life we receive is not short but we make it so; we are not ill provided but use what we have wastefully.
If you really want to escape the things that harass you, what you're needing is not to be in a different place but to be a different person.
He suffers more than necessary, who suffers before it is necessary.
Wealth is the slave of the wise. The master of the fool.
Until we have begun to go without them, we fail to realize how unnecessary many things are. We've been using them not because we needed them but because we had them.
Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.
Life is never incomplete if it is an honorable one. At whatever point you leave life, if you leave it in the right way, it is whole.
We are doomed to choose and every choice may entail irreparable loss.
To understand is to perceive patterns.
The fox knows many things, but the hedgehog knows one big thing.
Only barbarians are not curious about where they come from, how they came to be where they are, where they appear to be going, whether they wish to go there, and if so, why, and if not, why not.
Science cannot destroy the consciousness of freedom, without which there is no morality and no art, but it can refute it.
The notion of the perfect whole, the ultimate solution in which all good things coexist, seems to me not merely unobtainable--that is a truism--but conceptually incoherent. ......Some among the great goods cannot live together. That is a conceptual truth. We are doomed to choose, and every choice may entail an irreparable loss.
All central beliefs on human matters spring from a personal predicament.
If you are truly convinced that there is some solution to all human problems, that one can conceive an ideal society which men can reach if only they do what is necessary to attain it, then you and your followers must believe that no price can be too high to pay in order to open the gates of such a paradise. Only the stupid and malevolent will resist once certain simple truths are put to them. Those who resist must be persuaded; if they cannot be persuaded, laws must be passed to restrain them; if that does not work, then coercion, if need be violence, will inevitably have to be usedif necessary, terror, slaughter.
Out of the crooked timber of humanity, nothing completely straight was ever made
[People] cannot live without seeking to describe and explain the universe to themselves. The models they use in doing this must deeply affect their lives, not least when they are unconscious; much of [their] misery and frustration... is due to the mechanical and unconscious, as well as deliberate, application of models where they do not workThe goal of philosophy is always the same, to assist [people] to understand themselves and thus operate in the open and not wildly, in the dark.
The underlying assumption that human nature is basically the same at all times, everywhere, and obeys eternal laws beyond human control, is a conception that only a handful of bold thinkers have dared to question.
Simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures. Simple in actions and thoughts, you return to the source of being. Patient with both friends and enemies, you accord with the way things are. Compassionate toward yourself, you reconcile all beings in the world.
Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom. Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power.
Those who know do not speak. Those who speak do not know.
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everyone will respect you.
The truth is not always beautiful, nor beautiful words the truth.
A man with outward courage dares to die; a man with inner courage dares to live.
Do you have the patience to wait until your mud settles and the water is clear?
If you understand others you are smart. If you understand yourself you are illuminated. If you overcome others you are powerful. If you overcome yourself you have strength. If you know how to be satisfied you are rich. If you can act with vigor, you have a will. If you don't lose your objectives you can be long-lasting. If you die without loss, you are eternal.
The flame that burns Twice as bright burns half as long.
A leader is best When people barely know he exists Of a good leader, who talks little, When his work is done, his aim fulfilled, They will say, "We did this ourselves."
If you try to change it, you will ruin it. Try to hold it, and you will lose it.
Stop thinking, and end your problems. What difference between yes and no? What difference between success and failure? Must you value what others value, avoid what others avoid? How ridiculous!  Other people are excited, as though they were at a parade. I alone don't care, I alone am expressionless, like an infant before it can smile.  Other people have what they need; I alone possess nothing. I alone drift about, like someone without a home. I am like an idiot, my mind is so empty.  Other people are bright; I alone am dark. Other people are sharp; I alone am dull. Other people have purpose; I alone don't know. I drift like a wave on the ocean, I blow as aimless as the wind.  I am different from ordinary people. I drink from the Great Mother's breasts.
The wise man is one who, knows, what he does not know.
To understand the limitation of things, desire them.
Give evil nothing to oppose and it will disappear by itself.
If you realize that all things change, there is nothing you will try to hold on to. If you are not afraid of dying, there is nothing you cannot achieve.
all streams flow to the sea because it is lower than they are. humility gives it its power. if you want to govern the people, you must place yourself below them. if you want to lead the people, you must learn how to follow them.
The further one goes, the less one knows.
Love  Embracing Tao, you become embraced. Supple, breathing gently, you become reborn. Clearing your vision, you become clear. Nurturing your beloved, you become impartial. Opening your heart, you become accepted. Accepting the World, you embrace Tao. Bearing and nurturing, Creating but not owning, Giving without demanding, Controlling without authority, This is love.
Close your mouth, block off your senses, blunt your sharpness, untie your knots, soften your glare, settle your dust. This is the primal identity.
When people see some things as beautiful, other things become ugly. When people see some things as good, other things become bad.
When there is no desire, all things are at peace
He who conquers others is strong; he who conquers himself is mighty
Trying to understand is like straining through muddy water. Have the patience to wait! Be still and allow the mud to settle.
Hope and fear are both phantoms that arise from thinking of the self. When we don't see the self as self, what do we have to fear?
True words aren't eloquent; eloquent words aren't true. Wise men don't need to prove their point; men who need to prove their point aren't wise.  The Master has no possessions. The more he does for others, the happier he is. The more he gives to others, the wealthier he is.
Love is a decision - not an emotion!
Lies travel faster than the truth.
You don't get what you deserve, you get what you take.
For those who make the rules, there are no rules.
All religion is a foolish answer to a foolish question.
Intelligence is a very valuable thing, innit, my friend. And usually, it comes far too f*cking late.
An agreement is not the same thing as an assurance.
In all the world the only thing that interests me is the truth.
When you plan something well there's no need to rush.
When there are no rules, women take charge.
You have to get what you want your own way.
To make sure your dog obeys you, you have to show it the stick once in a while.
The only way to guarantee peace is by making the prospect of war seem hopeless.
Life is so much easier to deal with when you are dead.
Ambition for respectability doesn't make you a saint.
I don't need a knife to stop me telling secrets given in confidence. It is a matter of honor.
You strike when your enemy is weak.
My suits are on the house, or the house burns down.
Good taste is for people who can't afford sapphires.
People are loyal to those who pay their wages.
It's not a good idea to look at Tommy Shelby the wrong way.
Those of you who are last will soon be first. And those of you who are downtrodden will rise up.
I'm not a traitor to my class. I am just an extreme example of what a working man can achieve.
Please don't listen to my sister's opinions of me. They are always hopeful. Therefore they are always wrong.
There is no rest for me in this world. Perhaps in the next.
You can change what you do, but you can't change what you want.
If you apologize once, you do it again and again and again. Like taking bricks out of the wall of your f*cking house.
Five for peace, two for truce, one abstention. Let's get on with the war.
I have made arrangements with men I trust. If I should die, then you will die, know that.
People thinking I'm going to fall, they start behaving in a different way around you.
There's a part of me that is unfamiliar to myself. And I keep finding myself there.
There's good in my heart, but these hands belong to the devil.
I know who I am, Linda. I know who I am and I'm all right with it. Finally, I can live with it.
This place is under new management, by order of the peaky blinders.
In the end, it's God who pulls that f*cking trigger anyway. We don't get to decide who lives and who dies, Finn. Not us. You just have to flick a switch.
I'm an old man and my heart's battered vessel, but within, there still beats a fluttering pulse of a dream.
Are you f*cking repenting or something?
Anyway, we're Peaky Blinders. We're not scared of coppers. If they come for us, we'll cut them a smile each.
Aunt Pol, when I was Michael's age I'd killed a hundred men and seen a thousand die. If you want to scare that kid away forever, carry on how you're going. If you want him to stay, let him come.
One idiot is one idiot. Two idiots are two idiots. Ten thousand idiots are a political party.
I am free and that is why I am lost.
There is an infinite amount of hope in the universe ... but not for us.
He is terribly afraid of dying because he hasnt yet lived.
I think we ought to read only the kind of books that wound and stab us.
Paths are made by walking.
It's only because of their stupidity that they're able to be so sure of themselves.
I have the true feeling of myself only when I am unbearably unhappy.
I have spent all my life resisting the desire to end it.
A First Sign of the Beginning of Understanding is the Wish to Die.
The meaning of life is that it stops.
I usually solve problems by letting them devour me.
I am in chains. Don't touch my chains.
In man's struggle against the world, bet on the world.
Beyond a certain point there is no return. This point has to be reached.
Most men are not wicked... They are sleep-walkers, not evil evildoers.
Love is a drama of contradictions.
First impressions are always unreliable.
From a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back. That is the point that must be reached.
A politician divides mankind into two classes: tools and enemies.
Without music, life would be a mistake
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.
I'm not upset that you lied to me, I'm upset that from now on I can't believe you.
And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music.
Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster. And if you gaze long enough into an abyss, the abyss will gaze back into you.
There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness.
You must have chaos within you to give birth to a dancing star.
You have your way. I have my way. As for the right way, the correct way, and the only way, it does not exist.
Sometimes people don't want to hear the truth because they don't want their illusions destroyed.
He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how.
In heaven, all the interesting people are missing.
There are no facts, only interpretations.
The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.
When we are tired, we are attacked by ideas we conquered long ago.
We should consider every day lost on which we have not danced at least once.
I cannot believe in a God who wants to be praised all the time.
The snake which cannot cast its skin has to die. As well the minds which are prevented from changing their opinions; they cease to be mind.
In individuals, insanity is rare; but in groups, parties, nations and epochs, it is the rule.
Fear is the path to the dark side. Fear leads to anger, anger leads to hate, hate leads to suffering.
Confer on you, the level of Jedi Knight, the Council does. But, agree with your taking this boy as your Padawan Learner... I do not
Qui-Gon's defiance I sense in you. Need that you do not. Agree with you, the Council does. Your apprentice young Skywalker will be.
Lost a planet, Master Obi-Wan has. How embarrassing... how embarrassing.
Go to the center of the gravity's pull, and find your planet you will.
Meditate on this, I will.
Clear, your mind must be if you are to discover the real villains behind the plot.
Pain. Suffering. Death, I feel. Something terrible has happened. Young Skywalker is in pain. Terrible pain.
Around the survivors, a perimeter create!
Powerful you have become, Dooku. The dark side I sense in you.
Master Obi-Wan, not victory. The shroud of the dark side has fallen. Begun, the Clone War has!
Much to learn, you still have.
Like fire across the galaxy, the Clone Wars spread. In league with the wicked Count Dooku more and more planets slip. Upon the Jedi Knights falls the duty to lead the newly formed Army of the Republic.
Death is a natural part of life. Rejoice for those who transform into the Force. Mourn them do not. Miss them do not. Attachment leads to jealousy. The shadow of greed, that is.
Careful you must be when sensing the future. The fear of loss is a path to the dark side.
Train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose.
Go, I will. Good relations with the Wookiees, I have.
Too much under the sway of the Chancellor, he is. Much anger there is in him. Too much pride in his powers.
If into the security recordings you go, only pain will you find.
Destroy the Sith, we must.
To fight this Lord Sidious, strong enough, you are not.
Twisted by the dark side, young Skywalker has become.
The boy you trained, gone he is, consumed by Darth Vader.
I hear a new apprentice you have, Emperor. Or should I call you Darth Sidious?
At an end your rule is... and not short enough it was.
Not if anything to say about it, I have!
Into exile I must go. Failed, I have.
If so powerful you are, why leave?
Faith in your new apprentice, misplaced may be. As is your faith in the dark side of the Force.
Looking? Found someone you have I would say, mm?
Help you I can! Yes! Mm!
Awww, cannot get your ship out...eh-heheheh!
How you get so big, eating food of this kind?
Mine! Or I will help you not!
Mudhole? Slimy? My home this is!
I cannot teach him. The boy has no patience.
Hmm. Much anger in him, like his father.
You will be. You will be.
Yes. A Jedi's strength flows from the Force. But beware the dark side. Anger, fear, aggression. The dark side of the Force are they. Easily they flow, quick to join you in a fight. If once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny. Consume you it will, as it did Obi-Wan's apprentice.
You will know... when you are calm, at peace, passive. A Jedi uses the Force for knowledge and defense, never for attack.
So certain are you. Always with you it cannot be done. Hear you nothing that I say?
No! No different! Only different in your mind. You must unlearn what you have learned.
That is why you fail.
No! Try not. Do. Or do not. There is no try.
Size matters not. Look at me. Judge me by my size do you?
And well you should not! For my ally is the Force. And a powerful ally it is. Life creates it, makes it grow. Its energy surrounds us... and binds us. Luminous beings are we, not this... crude matter! You must feel the Force around you. Here, between you, me, the tree, the rock... everywhere! Even between the land and the ship.
Through the Force, things you will see. Other places. The future...the past...old friends long gone.
Hmm. Control, control. You must learn control.
Difficult to see. Always in motion is the future.
Decide you must how to serve them best. If you leave now, help them you could. But you would destroy all for which they have fought and suffered.
Mind what you have learned. Save you it can!
No. There is another.
When nine hundred years old you reach, look as good, you will not, hm?
Strong am I with the Force, but not that strong. Twilight is upon me, and soon night must fall. That is the way of things... the way of the Force.
No more training do you require. Already know you that which you need.
No. Unfortunate that you rushed to face him... that incomplete was your training. Not ready for the burden were you.
Remember, a Jedi's strength flows from the Force. But beware. Anger, fear, aggression. The dark side are they. Once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny.
Your father he is.
Do not underestimate the powers of the Emperor, or suffer your father's fate, you will.
When gone am I, the last of the Jedi will you be.
Pity your new disciple I do; so lately an apprentice, so soon without a Master.
War does not make one great.
Proud I am, to stand by Wookiees in their hour of need.
Yoda I am, fight I will.
Tired I am, rest I must.
When all choices seem wrong, choose restraint.
If no mistake have you made, yet losing you are ... a different game you should play.
A trial of being old is this: remembering which thing one has said into which young ears.
Think you I have never felt the touch of the dark? Know you what a soul so great as Yoda can make, in eight hundred years?
Think you the relationship between Master and Padawan is only to help them? Oh, this is what we let them believe, yes! But when the day comes that even old Yoda does not learn something from his students-then truly, he shall be a teacher no more.
On many long journeys have I gone. And waited, too, for others to return from journeys of their own. Some return; some are broken; some come back so different only their names remain.
Honor life by living, Padawan. Killing honors only death: only the dark side.
To be Jedi is to face the truth, and choose. Give off light, or darkness, Padawan. Be a candle, or the night, Padawan: but choose!
When you look at the dark side, careful you must be ... for the dark side looks back.
You think Yoda stops teaching, just because his student does not want to hear? Yoda a teacher is. Yoda teaches like drunkards drink. Like killers kill.
A labyrinth of evil, this war has become.
To the Force, look for guidance. Accept what fate has placed before us.
My ally is the Force.
Acting is the least mysterious of all crafts. Whenever we want something from somebody or when we want to hide something or pretend, we're acting. Most people do it all day long.
Acting is marvelous profession If you can spend enough time playing other people, you don't have to think too much about your own character and motivations.
Acting is sport. On stage you must be ready to move like tennis player on his toes. Your concentration must be keen, your reflexes sharp your body and mind are in top gear, the chase is on. Acting is energy. In the theatre people pay to see energy.
Acting deals with very delicate emotions. It is not putting up mask. Each time an actor acts he does not hide he exposes himself.
Acting is magical. Change your look and your attitude, and you can be anyone.
Acting is all about honesty. If you can fake that, you've got it made.
Acting is the expression of neurotic impulse. It's bum's life. Quitting acting, that's the sign of maturity.
Acting is nice childish profession pretending you're someone else and, at the same time, selling yourself.
Acting is not about being famous, it's about exploring the human soul.
Film acting is one of the only industries where you're criticized for working hard. In any other industry, it's considered quality and something to behold.
Acting is question of absorbing other people's personalities and adding some of your own experience.
Great acting is not easy anyone who says it is is either shallow or charlatan. And one of the hardest things about acting is admitting that it is hard.
Acting is half shame, half glory. Shame at exhibiting yourself, glory when you can forget yourself.
Acting is not being emotional, but being able to fully express emotion.
Acting is spiritual quest to touch human beings.
Acting provides the fulfillment of never being fulfilled. You're never as good as you'd like to be. So there's always something to hope for.
Acting is nothing more or less than playing. The idea is to humanize life.
Acting doesn't bring anything to text. On the contrary, it detracts from it.
Acting is not about dressing up. Acting is about stripping bare. The whole essence of learning lines is to forget them so you can make them sound like you thought of them that instant.
must say that acting was good training for the political life that lay ahead of us.
Acting is not about being someone different. It's finding the similarity in what is apparently different, then finding myself in there.
As always, with acting, you can't be too self conscious. You shouldn't care about what people are thinking about you at the time because they're not caring about you, they're caring about the character.
The art of acting consists in keeping people from coughing.
People acting in their own self interest is the fuel for all the discovery, innovation, and prosperity that powers the world.
Acting is like Halloween mask that you put on.
Acting is happy agony.
Acting is matter of giving away secrets.
really think that effective acting has to do literally with the movement of molecules.
Acting is standing up naked and turning around very slowly.
Every form of addiction is bad, no matter whether the narcotic be alcohol or morphine or idealism.
Addictions started out like magical pets, pocket monsters. They did extraordinary tricks, showed you things you hadn't seen, were fun. But came, through some gradual dire alchemy, to make decisions for you. Eventually, they were making your most crucial life decisions. And they were less intelligent than goldfish.
What fascinates me about addiction and obsessive behavior is that people would choose an altered state of consciousness that's toxic and ostensibly destroys most aspects of your normal life, because for brief moment you feel okay.
Quitting smoking is easy, I've done it hundreds of times.
Addiction begins with the hope that something out there can instantly fill up the emptiness inside.
Addiction is just way of trying to get at something else. Something bigger. Call it transcendence if you want, but it's like rat in maze. We all want the same thing. We all have this hole. The thing you want offers relief, but it's trap.
At first, addiction is maintained by pleasure, but the intensity of this pleasure gradually diminishes and the addiction is then maintained by the avoidance of pain.
At every stage, addiction is driven by one of the most powerful, mysterious, and vital forces of human existence. What drives addiction is longing longing not just of brain, belly, or loins but finally of the heart.
The mentality and behavior of drug addicts and alcoholics is wholly irrational until you understand that they are completely powerless over their addiction and unless they have structured help, they have no hope.
have absolutely no pleasure in the stimulants in which sometimes so madly indulge. It has not been in the pursuit of pleasure that have periled life and reputation and reason. It has been the desperate attempt to escape from torturing memories, from sense of insupportable loneliness and dread of some strange impending doom.
You know you're an alcoholic when you misplace things for like decade.
admire addicts. In world where everybody is waiting for some blind, random disaster, or some sudden disease, the addict has the comfort of knowing what will most likely wait for him down the road. He's taken some control over his ultimate fate, and his addiction keeps the cause of death from being total surprise.
Drugs have taught an entire generation of American kids the metric system.
The initial journey towards sobriety is delicate balance between insight into one's desire for escape and abstinence from one's addiction.
In the 1960s, people took acid to make the world weird. Now the world is weird, and people take Prozac to make it normal.
What is addiction, really It is sign, signal, symptom of distress. It is language that tells us about plight that must be understood.
Addiction doesn't kill the addict. It kills the family, kids and people who tried to help.
If you know someone who tries to drown their sorrows, you might tell them sorrows know how to swim.
First you take drink, then the drink takes drink, then the drink takes you.
The first thing in the human personality that dissolves in alcohol is dignity.
All the suffering, stress and addiction comes from not realizing you already are what you are looking for.
Habit is habit, and not to be flung out of the window by any man, but coaxed downstairs step at time.
The dead drug leaves ghost behind. At certain hours it haunts the house.
Addiction When you can give up something any time, as long as it's next Tuesday.
The unfortunate thing about this world is that good habits are so much easier to give up than bad ones.
Reality is just crutch for people who can't handle drugs.
Recovery from addiction requires hard work, proper attitude and learning skills to stay sober, not drinking alcohol or using other drugs. Successful drug recovery or alcohol recovery involves changing attitudes, acquiring knowledge, and developing skills to meet the many challenges of sobriety.
Addiction is symptom of not growing up.
You can come out of the furnace of trouble two ways if you let it consume you, you come out cinder but there is kind of metal which refuses to be consumed, and comes out star.
You can get the monkey off your back, but the circus never leaves town.
The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other's life.
Little souls find their way to you, whether they're from your womb or someone else's.
It's important to realize that we adopt not because we are rescuers. No. We adopt because we are rescued.
Families don't have to match. You don't have to look like someone else to love them.
Not flesh of my flesh, nor bone of my bone, but still miraculously my own. Never forget for single minute, you didn't grow under my heart but in it.
Adoption carries the added dimension of connection not only to your own tribe but beyond, widening the scope of what constitutes love, ties, and family. It is the larger embrace.
Being mother is an attitude, not biological relation.
Adoption is when child grew in its mommy's heart instead of her tummy.
However motherhood comes to you, it's miracle.
Being parent wasn't just about bearing child. It was about bearing witness to its life.
Adopting any child is walk into the unknown. It takes Faith.
We should not be asking who this child belongs to, but who belongs to this child.
They may not have my eyes, they may not have my smile, but they have all my heart.
child born to another woman calls me mom. The depth of the tragedy and the magnitude of the privilege are not lost on me.
Family is not defined by our genes, it is built and maintained through love.
You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them.
Adoption is not the call to have the perfect, rosy family. It is the call to give love, mercy, and patience.
Adoptive Mom am Mom. need no other label or prefix.
There are times when the adoption process is exhausting and painful and makes you want to scream. But, am told, so does childbirth.
If you have heart for adoption don't let fear stand in the way.
Adopting one child won't change the world but for that child, the world will change.
My birth mother brought me into this world, but it was my adoptive parents who gave me life.
By choice, we have become family, first in our hearts, and finally in breath and being. Great expectations are good great experiences are better.
We look at adoption as very sacred exchange. It was not done lightly on either side. would dedicate my life to this child.
Adoption is not about finding children for families, it's about finding families for children.
Somehow destiny comes into play. These children end up with you and you end up with them. It's something quite magical.
Children and mothers never truly part, bound together by the beating of one another's heart.
There are so many kids in this world, and in this country, that need homes. And so we're perfectly content to look into adoption one day, if for some reason we aren't able to have biological child.
Adoption has been part of my life and part of my family, so it was how wanted to start. It felt natural and right to me.
think adoption is blessing all around when it's done right.
Every child deserves home and love. Period.
There are young people having babies every day that cannot possibly take care of them, and, as people who believe that every life is beautiful, we need to make them aware of another choice to give that beautiful life up for adoption.
Adoption comes from the heart, but the adoption process comes from the Law. You should follow your heart, but be sure you also follow the law.
Language. has created the word loneliness to express the pain of being alone. And it has created the word solitude to express the glory of being alone.
What lovely surprise to finally discover how unlonely being alone can be.
love to be alone. never found the companion that was so companionable as solitude.
think it's good for person to spend time alone. It gives them an opportunity to discover who they are and to figure out why they are always alone.
It is better to be alone than in bad company.
People who cannot bear to be alone are generally the worst company.
Solitude is chosen separation for refining your soul. Isolation is what you crave when you neglect the first.
Being solitary is being alone well being alone luxuriously immersed in doings of your own choice, aware of the fullness of your own presence rather than of the absence of others. Because solitude is an achievement.
Sometimes life is too hard to be alone, and sometimes life is too good to be alone.
man can be himself alone so long as he is alone if he does not love solitude, he will not love freedom for it is only when he is alone that he is really free.
The trouble is not really in being alone, it's being lonely. One can be lonely in the midst of crowd, don't you think.
We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone.
Solitude is the profoundest fact of the human condition. Man is the only being who knows he is alone.
And if you couldn't be loved, the next best thing was to be let alone.
The person who tries to live alone will not succeed as human being. His heart withers if it does not answer another heart. His mind shrinks away if he hears only the echoes of his own thoughts and finds no other inspiration.
The most terrible poverty is loneliness, and the feeling of being unloved.
Pray that your loneliness may spur you into finding something to live for, great enough to die for.
Alone we can do so little together we can do so much.
When we truly realize that we are all alone is when we need others the most.
All of our unhappiness comes from our inability to be alone.
Being isolated at times doesn't always mean that you want to distance yourself from others it simply means that you need some space to see things clearly.
don't want to be alone, want to be left alone.
Sometimes you just have to stand alone to make sure you still can.
People think being alone makes you lonely, but don't think that's true. Being surrounded by the wrong people is the loneliest thing in the world.
Nothing can bring you peace but yourself.
It is far better to be alone than to wish you were.
Be able to be alone. Lose not the advantage of solitude, and the society of thyself.
The best part about being alone is that you really don't have to answer to anybody. You do what you want.
have huge, active imagination, and think I'm really scared of being alone because if I'm left to my own devices, I'll just turn into madwoman.
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape hundred days of sorrow.
hand ready to hit, may cause you great trouble.
man in passion, rides mad horse.
Anger ventilated often hurries toward forgiveness and concealed often hardens into revenge.
quarrelsome man has no good neighbours.
If small thing has the power to make you angry, does that not indicate something about your size.
He who angers you conquers you.
Fire in the heart sends smoke into the head.
Anger is often more hurtful than the injury that caused it.
quick temper will make fool of you soon enough.
Anger is wind which blows out the lamp of the mind.
Anger is one letter short of danger.
Where there is anger, there is always pain underneath.
Anger makes you smaller, while forgiveness forces you to grow beyond what you are.
Anger is an acid that can do more harm to the vessel in which it is stored than to anything on which it is poured.
You can't shake hands with clenched fist.
Bitterness is like cancer. It eats upon the host. But anger is like fire. It burns it all clean.
Holding on to anger is like grasping hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else you are the one who gets burned.
Beware the fury of patient man.
Do not teach your children never to be angry teach them how to be angry.
Never respond to an angry person with fiery comeback, even if he deserves it. Don't allow his anger to become your anger.
Anger dwells only in the bosom of fools.
The sharpest sword is word spoken in wrath.
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.
At the core of all anger is need that is not being fulfilled.
man can't eat anger for breakfast and sleep with it at night and not suffer damage to his soul.
Whatever is begun in anger ends in shame.
Not the fastest horse can catch word spoken in anger.
Anger is valid emotion. It's only bad when it takes control and makes you do things you don't want to do.
How much more grievous are the consequences of anger than the causes of it.
There are two things person should never be angry at, what they can help, and what they cannot.
The more anger towards the past you carry in your heart, the less capable you are of loving in the present.
Learn this from me. Holding anger is poison. It eats you from inside. We think that hating is weapon that attacks the person who harmed us. But hatred is curved blade. And the harm we do, we do to ourselves.
Anger is what makes clear mind seem clouded.
Anger is never without reason, but seldom with good one.
It is wise to direct your anger towards problems not people to focus your energies on answers not excuses.
It is waste of energy to be angry with man who behaves badly just as it is to be angry with car that won't go.
Hard words break no bones.
If you kick stone in anger you will hurt your foot.
Postpone today's anger until tomorrow.
The anger of the prudent never shows.
Anger is short madness.
The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
Sometimes when I'm angry have the right to be angry, but that doesn't give me the right to be cruel.
Anger it's paralyzing emotion you can't get anything done.
Get mad, then get over it.
Exaggeration is truth that has lost its temper.
wonder why it is, that young men are always cautioned against bad girls. Anyone can handle bad girl. It's the good girls men should be warned against.
Good girls go to heaven, bad girls go everywhere.
don't look at her like she's bad girl. She just misunderstood sometime, she's little troubled, she's little dysfunctional. She's survivor.
The whole bad girl thing allows me to mess up sometimes. And have freedom to say more of what want to.
There are no good girls gone wrong just bad girls found out.
It's the good girls who keep diaries the bad girls never have the time.
Bad girls ain't no good but good girls ain't no fun.
I'm half good and I'm half bad. My mama is very good girl and my daddy is very bad boy. And guess that leaves me somewhere sort of. here.
There is nothing uglier than very beautiful face with an ugly heart.
You're bad girl, trying to force me over the edge But you don't have to. I'm already there. I'm already lost in you.
think that everybody would love to play the bad girl. Cause for most of us. It's stretch.
bad attitude can literally block love, blessings and destiny from finding you.
Treat me like queen and I'll treat you like my king. Treat me like game. And I'll show you how it's played.
Good girl doesn't exist you just have to choose between bad and worse.
bad attitude is the worst thing that can happen to group of people. It's infectious.
When one maintains her proper attitude in life, he does not long after externals.
was like the good girl, bad girl, there were no grey areas for me.
Good girls are just bad girls that never got caught.
want girl with extensions in her hair, Bamboo earrings, at least two pair, Fendi bag and bad attitude, That's all need to get me in good mood.
You don't have to listen to those mean girls. They're just there to make you upset and feel bad about yourself. And you know, inside, they feel bad about themselves too. But they don't wanna admit it to anybody.
don't have an attitude problem. You have problem with my attitude, and that's not my problem.
You say that have bad attitude. Guess what My attitude is result of your actions. Change your actions and will change my attitude.
bad attitude is worse than bad swing.
Beauty is not in the face beauty is light in the heart.
The longer live the more beautiful life becomes. If you foolishly ignore beauty, then you will soon find yourself without it. Your life will be impoverished. But if you invest in beauty, it will remain with you all the days of your life.
Do not dissect rainbow. In other words, do not destroy beautiful phenomenon by overanalyzing it.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched they must be felt with the heart.
Never lose an opportunity of seeing anything beautiful, for beauty is God's handwriting.
That which is striking and beautiful is not always good, but that which is good is always beautiful.
Beauty is power smile is its sword.
The best part of beauty is that which no picture can express.
There is no exquisite beauty without some strangeness in the proportion.
thing of beauty is joy forever Its loveliness increases it will never pass into nothingness.
Though we travel the world over to find the beautiful, we must carry it with us or we find it not.
There is nothing more rare, nor more beautiful, than woman being unapologetically herself comfortable in her perfect imperfection. To me, that is the true essence of beauty.
There's nothing more inspiring than the complexity and beauty of the human heart.
Beauty is unbearable, drives us to despair, offering us for minute the glimpse of an eternity that we should like to stretch out over the whole of time.
The soul that sees beauty may sometimes walk alone.
There is nothing that makes its way more directly to the soul than beauty.
People are like stained glass windows. They sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in, their true beauty is revealed only if there is light from within.
Beauty is only skin deep.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
Butterflies come to pretty flowers.
Don't gild the lily.
Everything is lovely when the geese honk high.
Poetry moves heaven and earth.
beautiful thing is never perfect.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
Real beauty is to be true to oneself.
Beauty of whatever kind, in its supreme development, invariably excites the sensitive soul to tears.
The words that enlighten the soul are more precious than jewels.
Music has charms to soothe savage beast.
The beautiful is always bizarre.
There is certainly no absolute standard of beauty. That precisely is what makes its pursuit so interesting.
Beauty in things exists in the mind which contemplates them.
Beauty is the shadow of God on the universe.
Judge nothing by the appearance. The more beautiful the serpent, the more fatal its sting.
Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old.
There is road from the eye to the heart that does not go through the intellect.
Glamour is shooting star, it catches your eye, but fades away, beauty is the sun always brilliant day after day.
There is nothing more beautiful than someone who goes out of their way to make life beautiful for others.
People are more than just the way they look.
Beauty awakens the soul to act.
used to think that the worst thing in life was to end up all alone. It's not. The worst thing in life is ending up with people who make you feel all alone.
love to be alone. never found the companion that was so companionable as solitude.
We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone.
live in that solitude which is painful in youth, but delicious in the years of maturity.
It's better to be unhappy alone than unhappy with someone.
think it's good for person to spend time alone. It gives them an opportunity to discover who they are and to figure out why they are always alone.
There are days when solitude is heady wine that intoxicates you with freedom, others when it is bitter tonic, and still others when it is poison that makes you beat your head against the wall.
The most terrible poverty is loneliness, and the feeling of being unloved.
If you want to be happy, learn to be alone without being lonely. Learn that being alone does not mean being unhappy. The world is full of plenty of interesting and enjoyable things to do and people who can enrich your life.
Until you get comfortable with being alone, you'll never know if you're choosing someone out of love or loneliness.
My alone feels so good, I'll only have you if you're sweeter than my solitude.
Loneliness adds beauty to life. It puts special burn on sunsets and makes night air smell better.
It is only when we silent the blaring sounds of our daily existence that we can finally hear the whispers of truth that life reveals to us, as it stands knocking on the doorsteps of our hearts.
In order to be open to creativity, one must have the capacity for constructive use of solitude. One must overcome the fear of being alone.
You ve got to be fond of yourself enough to support yourself emotionally regardless of the intimate company of someone else.
Nobody is ever going to be able to fill your you shaped hole for you. The gaping hole we all have inside that deeply craves validation, love and comfort.
Let me tell you this If you meet loner, no matter what they tell you, it not because they enjoy solitude. It because they have tried to blend into the world before, and people continue to disappoint them.
What has really happened when you feel alone is that you ve abandoned yourself. You have stopped taking care of your own basic needs you don value yourself, you don listen to your own thoughts, and you don take care of your physical, emotional, or spiritual self. This is what is causing you to feel alone. You have abandoned you.
wish could show you when you are lonely or in darkness the astonishing light of your own being.
The best part about being alone is that you really don't have to answer to anybody. You do what you want.
As get older I'm more and more comfortable being alone.
Don't go away. don't want to be alone. can't stand being alone.
Loneliness is my least favorite thing about life. The thing that I'm most worried about is just being alone without anybody to care for or someone who will care for me.
don't want to be alone, want to be left alone.
had already found that it was not good to be alone, and so made companionship with what there was around me, sometimes with the universe and sometimes with my own insignificant self but my books were always my friends, let fail all else.
When we truly realize that we are all alone is when we need others the most.
Don't feel alone, because there is always someone out there who loves you more than you can imagine.
Without great solitude no serious work is possible.
If you are afraid of being lonely, don't try to be right.
Sometimes its better to be alone, no one can hurt you that way.
What lovely surprise to finally discover how unlonely being alone can be.
All man's miseries derive from not being able to sit quietly in room alone.
You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with.
On some level walk through the world like the adult human version of the baby bird in Are You My Mother Subconsciously waiting for someone to see that am very take care of able, can live with you now know you are my age, but have you ever thought of adopting an adult.
Never be afraid to sit awhile and think.
Each morning when open my eyes say to myself not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. can choose which it shall be. Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. have just one day, today, and I'm going to be happy in it.
My greatest beauty secret is being happy with myself. don't use special creams or treatments I'll use little bit of everything. It's mistake to think you are what you put on yourself. believe that lot of how you look is to do with how you feel about yourself and your life. Happiness is the greatest beauty secret.
The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things.
If you want to be happy, set goal that commands your thoughts, liberates your energy, and inspires your hopes.
Happiness is not defined by any circumstance, condition, or person. You need not tie your happiness to anything. The choice to be happy is always yours to make. Make that choice and cultivate happy spirit.
We all live with the objective of being happy our lives are all different and yet the same.
Doing what you like is freedom. Liking what you do is happiness.
Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace, and gratitude.
happy life consists not in the absence, but in the mastery of hardships.
Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence.
Happiness is like butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion.
One of the biggest challenges in trying to be happy right now isn't that we don't know how to be happy. It's mostly that we just don't do it. We don't make the time for happiness, for peace, and for overall joy in our life.
Being happy is something that each of us determines, it is not something that we find outside of ourself, it is within us and our choice.
The reason people find it so hard to be happy is that they always see the past better than it was, the present worse than it is, and the future less resolved than it will be.
The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance, the wise grows it under his feet.
happy man is too satisfied with the present to dwell too much on the future.
Happiness is the art of learning how to get joy from your substance.
Happiness is the aim of life. Virtue is the foundation of happiness. Utility is the test of virtue. If the wise be the happy man, as the sages say, he must be virtuous too for without virtue, happiness cannot be.
Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing.
Better to be happy than wise.
Happy the man, and happy he alone, he who can call today his own he who, secure within, can say, tomorrow, to thy worst, for have liv today.
Real happiness is cheap enough, yet how dearly we pay for its counterfeit.
Happiness lies in the consciousness we have of it, and by no means in the way the future keeps its promises.
Mankind are always happier for having been happy so that if you make them happy now, you make them happy twenty years hence by the memory of it.
True happiness ne er entered at an eye true happiness resides in things unseen.
happy life is one spent in learning, earning, and yearning.
The greatest part of our happiness depends on our dispositions, not our circumstances.
The most important thing is to enjoy your life to be happy it all that matters.
It is not easy to find happiness in ourselves, and it is not possible to find it elsewhere.
happy life is made up of little things gift sent, letter written, call made, recommendation given, transportation provided, cake made, book lent, check sent.
Anyone can be happy when times are good the richer experience is to be happy when times are not.
One of the secrets of happy life is continuous small treats.
Happy is he who learns to bear what he cannot change.
multitude of small delights constitute happiness.
Happiness, not in another place but this place, not for another hour but this hour.
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing know.
Happiness An agreeable sensation arising from contemplating the misery of another.
Happiness is way of travel, not destination.
The secret of happiness is freedom, and the secret of freedom, courage.
have no money, no resources, no hopes. am the happiest man alive.
For peace of mind, resign as general manager of the universe.
To fill the hour that is happiness.
In order to be utterly happy, the only thing necessary is to refrain from comparing this moment with other moments in the past.
The happiest person is the person who thinks the most interesting thoughts.
We act as though comfort and luxury were the chief requirements of life, when all that we need to make us happy is something to be enthusiastic about.
Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you so are in harmony.
Happiness is state of which you are unconscious, of which you are not aware. The moment you are aware that you are happy, you cease to be happy You want to be consciously happy the moment you are consciously happy, happiness is gone.
There will always be lost dog somewhere that will prevent me from being happy.
The only thing that will make you happy is being happy with who you are, and not who people think you are.
The talent for being happy is appreciating and liking what you have, instead of what you don't have.
Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today.
Be happy with what you have. Be excited about what you want.
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy.
Be believing, be happy, don't get discouraged. Things will work out.
One of the simplest ways to stay happy is by letting go of the things that make you sad.
You can never be really happy if you keep holding to those bad memories which makes you sad.
Happy is entirely up to you and always has been.
If you want to be happy, be.
The habit of being happy enables one to be freed, or largely freed, from the domination of outward conditions.
Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be.
The best way to cheer yourself up is to try to cheer somebody else up.
If only we'd stop trying to be happy we could have pretty good time.
Nobody really cares if you're miserable, so you might as well be happy.
Indeed, man wishes to be happy even when he so lives as to make happiness impossible.
To be happy, we must not be too concerned with others.
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
Happiness depends upon ourselves.
Happiness is not in the mere possession of money it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.
The secret of happiness is not in doing what one likes, but in liking what one does.
Happiness comes from within, not from without.
Happiness is not the absence of problems but the ability to deal with them.
Being happy doesn't depend on any external conditions, it is governed by our mental attitude.
If being happy is important to you, try this instead of regretting all you lack, celebrate all you've got.
Happiness adds and multiplies, as we divide it with others.
Trying to be happy without giving to others is like trying to kiss alone.
Very little is needed to make happy life it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.
Nothing can bring you happiness but yourself.
Talking about someone who makes you happy actually makes you happy.
Nobody can hurt me without my permission.
Truth is everybody is going to hurt you you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for.
have learned now that while those who speak about one's miseries usually hurt, those who keep silence hurt more.
Just because one person's problem is less traumatic than another's doesn't mean they're required to hurt less.
Those who really love you don't mean to hurt you and if they do, you can't see it in their eyes but it hurts them too.
It is when we hurt that we learn.
The surest way to hurt yourself is to give up on love, just because it didn't work out the first time.
Just because somebody is strong enough to handle pain doesn't mean they deserve it.
You don't get to choose if you get hurt in this world. But you do have some say in who hurts you.
Do you know the feeling, when your heart is so hurt, that you could feel the blood dripping.
Being hurt by someone you truly care about leaves hole in you heart that only love can fill.
Being brokenhearted is like having broken ribs. On the outside it looks like nothing's wrong, but every breath hurts.
He who lives long knows what pain is.
True pain cannot be concealed.
man can sleep on every hurt but his own.
The least and weakest man can do some hurt.
Tis easier to hurt than heal.
When you are dressing wound, pain is pain medicine.
From hurt comes pain, from pain comes change. If it hurts enough, change will happen.
Pain is only bearable if we know it will end, not if we deny it exists.
When an emotional injury takes place, the body begins process as natural as the healing of physical wound. Let the process happen. Trust that nature will do the healing. Know that the pain will pass, and, when it passes, you will be stronger, happier, and more sensitive and aware.
To have body is to suffer.
Better to have pain than paralysis.
Love means exposing yourself to the pains of being hurt, deeply hurt by someone you trust.
person in pain is being spoken to by that part of himself that knows only how to communicate this way.
Pain is what we re in most of the time. And think the bigger the pain the more gods we need.
All we need to do is learn not to be afraid of pain. Grit your teeth and let it hurt. Don deny it, don be overwhelmed by it. It will not last forever. One day, the pain will be gone and you will still be there.
There were things wanted to tell him. But knew they would hurt him. So buried them, and let them hurt me.
The reason it hurts so much to separate is because our souls are connected.
It hurts to have someone in your heart that you can't have in your arms.
still own my heart, which know because it hurts so much.
If someone really wants to hurt you, they'll find way whatever. don't want to live my life worrying about it.
It doesn't hurt to feel sad from time to time.
That old saying, how you always hurt the one you love, well, it works both ways.
Sometimes, being hurt too many times, doesn't make you stronger, it destroy who you were, who you wanted to be and makes who you are today.
It's lot easier to be angry at someone than it is to tell them you're hurt.
torn jacket is soon mended, but hard words bruise the heart of child.
When someone stabs you it's not your fault that you feel pain.
Forget what hurt you in the past, but never forget what it taught you.
Two barrels of tears will not heal bruise.
can feel the hurt. There's something good about it. Mostly it makes me stop remembering.
He who is or has been deeply hurt has RIGHT to be sure he is LOVED.
If you're in trouble, or hurt or need go to the poor people. They're the only ones that'll help the only ones.
What hurts us is what heals us.
As one grows weaker one is less susceptible to suffering. There is less hurt because there is less to hurt.
If we aren't capable of being hurt we aren't capable of feeling joy.
When girl gives up, it's not because she doesn't love you. But she's tired of getting hurt and feels like you'll never care.
Pain is always emotional. Fear and depression keep constant company with chronic hurting.
We are more often frightened than hurt and we suffer more from imagination than from reality.
Don't hold to anger, hurt or pain. They steal your energy and keep you from love.
When you can't remember why you're hurt, that's when you're healed.
Being hurt is something you can't stop from happening, but being miserable is always your choice.
Dont chase after the people that hurt you, replace them with people that care.
Sometimes even stuff you expect to happen can still hurt.
Some people use their own hurt as an excuse for hurting others.
No man can think clearly when his fists are clenched.
Sometimes pain and hurt are good things because it means you strived for something in your life.
Pain can be endured and defeated only if it is embraced. Denied or feared, it grows.
Wounds make better lessons than lectures.
If you are still being hurt by an event that happened to you at twelve, it is the thought that is hurting you now.
have never been hurt by anything didn't say.
No matter how beautiful lie is, in the end it hurts even more than the truth would have done.
It hurts too much so don't want to talk about it.
Being hurt personally triggered curiosity about how such beliefs are formed.
You were born an original. Don die copy.
To be natural is such very difficult pose to keep up.
Always be first rate version of yourself, instead of second rate version of somebody else.
Follow your inner moonlight don't hide the madness.
Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for successful personality and duplicate it.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
Be what you are. This is the first step toward becoming better than you are.
Learn to. be what you are, and learn to resign with good grace all that you are not.
The strongest force in the universe is human being living consistently with his identity.
Be yourself not your idea of what you think somebody else's idea of yourself should be.
To be one's self, and unafraid whether right or wrong, is more admirable than the easy cowardice of surrender to conformity.
Our true self is being who we are.
Anyone can possess, anyone can profess, but it is an altogether different thing to confess.
Never apologize for what you feel. It's like saying sorry for being real.
If you don't like my words, don't listen. If you don't like my appearance, don't look. If you don't like my actions, turn your head It's as simple as that.
Be who you are and say what you want, for those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind.
Best be yourself, imperial, plain and true.
Ride the energy of your own unique spirit.
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
Being yourself is all it takes. If you want to impress someone don't be someone else just be yourself.
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made victim. Accept no one's definition of your life define yourself.
Do your own thing on your own terms and get what you came here for.
Let yourself be drawn by the stronger pull of that which you truly love.
I've always loved the idea of not being what people expect me to be.
Be yourself, don't take anything from anyone, and never let them take you alive.
Don't be into trends. Don't make fashion own you, but you decide what you are, what you want to express by the way you dress and the way to live.
Some people say you are going the wrong way, when it's simply way of your own.
Do your thing and don't care if they like it.
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength.
Sometimes you don't realize your own strength until you come face to face with your greatest weakness.
The weak fall, but the strong will remain and never go under.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal it is the courage to continue that counts.
The most beautiful people I've known are those who have known trials, have known struggles, have known loss, and have found their way out of the depths.
It's interesting how we often can't see the ways in which we are being strong like, you can't be aware of what you're doing that's tough and brave at the time that you're doing it because if you knew that it was brave, then you'd be scared.
Promise me you'll always remember You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
He who believes is strong he who doubts is weak. Strong convictions precede great actions.
You cannot dream yourself into character you must hammer and forge yourself one.
love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death.
Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragements, and impossibilities It is this, that in all things distinguishes the strong soul from the weak.
Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men.
heart is strong muscle and what do muscles do when they are torn They grow back STRONGER.
woman is like tea bag only in hot water do you realize how strong she is.
If God sends us on strong paths, we are provided strong shoes.
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
Never give in. never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honor and good sense. Never yield to force. never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy.
Through persistence, self knowledge, prayer, commitment, optimism, resolute trust in God and the building of your own personal moral strength, you can enjoy the blessings of deeper faith and face the difficulties of life with courage and confidence.
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go trough hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength.
The worst part about being strong is that no one ever asks if you're ok.
It is worth remembering that the time of greatest gain in terms of wisdom and inner strength is often that of greatest difficulty.
You never know how strong you are until being strong is the only choice you have.
strong women is someone who is able to smile this morning like she wasn't crying last night.
Sometimes, being strong is to forgive in the name of love, to make someone smile when our own heart is broken, to comfort friend when we ourselves needed help and to keep faith when we have lost hope.
Pain makes you stronger. Tears make you braver. Heartbreak makes you wiser. And vodka makes you not remember any of that crap.
If you build the guts to do something, anything, then you better save enough to face the consequences.
am thankful for all of those who said NO to me. Its because of them I'm doing it myself.
Not everyday is good day. You may feel like hell and some you may feel like nothing could be worse. Keep your head up, because someday you will have your day. It could be tomorrow or the next day but that day will come, and it will be the best day of your life, just you wait.
If you're going through hell, keep going.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
Things happen to you to make you realize your true potential, strength, will power, and heart. You've got to have faith.
Strong women wear their pain like stilettos. No matter how much it hurts, all you see is the beauty of it.
It is during our darkest moments that ew must focus to see the light.
Just as broken arm needs cast, we too need support mechanisms in order to make it through difficult times.
have no regrets in my life. think that everything happens to you for reason. The hard times that you go through build character, making you much stronger person.
You can't really be strong until you see funny side to things.
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, vision cleared, ambition inspired, and success achieved.
Don't be afraid to give your best to what seemingly are small jobs. Every time you conquer one it makes you that much stronger. If you do the little jobs well, the big ones will tend to take care of themselves.
You can always take the easy way out and give up, but real strength comes when you decide to keep pushing forward no matter what the circumstances are.
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world right in the eye.
Being strong can be also feminine. don't think feminine equals being weak. Being strong is very sexy.
That which does not kill us makes us stronger.
No matter how hard the past, you can always begin again.
Promise yourself to be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind.
You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
Smiling does not necessarily mean you're happy. Sometimes it just means you're strong.
Get connected to your reality, your real life, instead of your emotionally soaked narrative about your life.
Life can be so difficult at times, but fighting through the pain is so worth it. It better to feel every kind of emotion than to not feel at all.
Expose yourself to your deepest fear. After that, fear has no power.
The opposite of bravery is not cowardice but conformity.
Fear can keep man out of danger but courage only can support him in it.
Bravery is not quality of the body. It is of the soul.
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.
Bravery is being the only one who knows you're afraid.
Cowards die many times before their deaths, the valiant never taste of death but once.
Some have been thought brave because they were afraid to run away.
Valor is stability, not of legs and arms, but of courage and the soul.
There is no such thing as bravery only degrees of fear.
brave man acknowledges the strength of others.
Don't be afraid of your fears. They're not there to scare you. They're there to let you know that something is worth it.
Expose yourself to your deepest fear after that, fear has no power, and the fear of freedom shrinks and vanishes. You are free.
learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.
It takes great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.
Bravery is the capacity to perform properly even when scared half to death.
In battle it is the cowards who run the most risk bravery is rampart of defense.
true knight is fuller of bravery in the midst, than in the beginning of danger.
Physical bravery is an animal instinct moral bravery is much higher and truer courage.
The bravest are surely those who have the clearest vision of what is before them, glory and danger alike, and yet notwithstanding, go out to meet it.
True bravery is shown by performing without witness what one might be capable of doing before all the world.
timid person is frightened before danger, coward during the time, and courageous person afterward.
Boldness is ever blind, for it sees not dangers and inconveniences whence it is bad in council though good in execution.
The brave man is not he who feels no fear, For that were stupid and irrational But he, whose noble soul its fears subdues, And bravely dares the danger nature shrinks from.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
There is no living thing that is not afraid when it faces danger. The true courage is in facing danger when you are afraid.
Nothing splendid has ever been achieved except by those who dared believe that something inside them was superior to circumstance.
Moral excellence comes about as result of habit. We become just by doing just acts, temperate by doing temperate acts, brave by doing brave acts.
One of the greatest discoveries man makes, one of his great surprises, is to find he can do what he was afraid he couldn't do.
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You must do the thing you think you cannot do.
No matter how long you train someone to be brave, you never know if they are or not until something real happens.
am proud of how brave have been. am proud of how brave am being. am doing my best and know that is enough.
It was times like these when thought my father, who hated guns and had never been to any wars, was the bravest man who ever lived.
Bravery has no place where it can avail nothing.
Brave men go forward not expecting to return.
Life is not meant to be easy, my child but take courage it can be delightful.
Great crisis produce great men and great deeds of courage.
If it scares you, it might be good thing to try.
Be brave enough to start conversation that matters.
Being brave means knowing that when you fail, you don't fail forever.
To live with fear and not be afraid is the final test of maturity.
It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog.
Fight till the last gasp.
Bravery is believing in yourself, and that thing nobody can teach you.
You can't be brave if you've only had wonderful things happen to you.
just don't want to die without few scars.
Life is either great adventure or nothing.
The world continues to offer glittering prizes to those who have stout hearts and sharp swords.
Great deeds are usually wrought at great risks.
Often the test of courage is not to die but to live.
The ideal man bears the accidents of life with dignity and grace, making the best of circumstances.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal it is the courage to continue that counts.
Trust the still, small voice that says, this might work and I'll try it.
When you jump across canyon, cautious small steps and vacillation won't work. Sometimes you just have to go for it.
Be proud of how brave you have been, taking risk and following your dreams.
Scared is what you're feeling. Brave is what you're doing.
Bran thought about it. Can man still be brave if he's afraid That is the only time man can be brave, his father told him.
Bullying builds character like nuclear waste creates superheroes. It's rare occurrence and often does much more damage than endowment.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Remember always that you not only have the right to be an individual, you have an obligation to be one.
When people hurt you over and over, think of them like sand paper They may scratch and hurt you bit, but in the end, you end up polished and they end up useless.
Bullying is horrible thing. It sticks with you forever. It poisons you. But only if you let it.
There really is no difference between the bully and the victim.
People who love themselves, don't hurt other people. The more we hate ourselves, the more we want others to suffer.
With ignorance comes fear from fear comes bigotry. Education is the key to acceptance.
You will never reach higher ground if you are always pushing others down.
bully is playing game, one that he or she enjoys and needs. You're welcome to play this game if it makes you happy, but for most people, it will make you miserable.
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made victim. Accept no one's definition of your life, but define yourself.
Bullying is for people who have no confidence at all. So everyone being bullied, please remember they are scared of you. You have something they don't, and that's what makes them bully you. Don't let their words affect you because they are the ones needing confidence, not you.
The hardest challenge is to be yourself in world where everyone is trying to make you be someone else.
realized that bullying never has to do with you. It's the bully who's insecure.
One's dignity may be assaulted, vandalized and cruelly mocked, but it can never be taken away unless it is surrendered.
Cyberbullying is Bullying. Hiding behind pretty screen, doesn't make it less hateful, written words have power.
My pain may be the reason for somebody's laugh. But my laugh must never be the reason for somebody's pain.
Some people won't be happy until they've pushed you to the ground. What you have to do is have the courage to stand your ground and not give them the time of day. Hold on to your power and never give it away.
No one heals himself by wounding another.
Never do wrong thing to make friend or to keep one.
would rather be little nobody, then to be evil somebody.
You never realize how strong you are until being strong is the only choice you have.
Not all forms of abuse leave bruises.
Nobody cares how much you know, until they know how much you care.
Caring about others, running the risk of feeling, and leaving an impact on people, brings happiness.
Nurturing is not complex. It's simply being tuned in to the thing or person before you and offering small gestures toward what it needs at that time.
Remember that children, marriages, and flower gardens reflect the kind of care they get.
When peoples care for you and cry for you, they can straighten out your soul.
Things done well and with care, exempt themselves from fear.
The closest thing to being cared for is to care for someone else.
Without sense of caring, there can be no sense of community.
Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright dislike.
Warm weather fosters growth cold weather destroys it. Thus man with an unsympathetic temperament has scant joy but man with warm and friendly heart overflowing blessings, and his beneficence will extend to posterity.
Too often we underestimate the power of touch, smile, kind word, listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn life around.
Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight. Extend to them all the care, kindness and understanding you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be the same again.
Never believe that few caring people can't change the world. For, indeed, that's all who ever have.
Caring for but never trying to own may be further way to define friendship.
So when you are listening to somebody, completely, attentively, then you are listening not only to the words, but also to the feeling of what is being conveyed, to the whole of it, not part of it.
Want of care does us more damage than want of knowledge.
feel the capacity to care is the thing which gives life its deepest significance.
Life has taught me that respect, caring and love must be shared, for it's only through sharing that friendships are born.
We should give as we would receive, cheerfully, quickly, and without hesitation for there is no grace in benefit that sticks to the fingers.
We won't always know whose lives we touched and made better for our having cared, because actions can sometimes have unforeseen ramifications. What's important is that you do care and you act.
Today, give yourself permission to be outrageously kind, irrationally warm, improbably generous. promise it will be blast.
One cannot be deeply responsive to the world without being saddened very often.
Caring can be learned by all human beings, can be worked into the design of every life, meeting an individual need as well as pervasive need in society.
You really can change the world if you care enough.
From caring comes courage.
part of kindness consists in loving people more than they deserve.
The simple act of caring is heroic.
When people cared about each other, they always found way to make it work.
People who care about each other enjoy doing things for one another. They don't consider it servitude.
It is the time you have wasted for your rose that makes your rose so important.
An acquaintance merely enjoys your company, fair weather companion flatters when all is well, true friend has your best interests at heart and the pluck to tell you what you need to hear.
Never be so busy as not to think of others.
The right mixture of caring and not caring suppose that's what love is.
smile is the light in your window that tells others that there is caring, sharing person inside.
When you are caring about your children perhaps you always have to remember at what point you can become over involved because of something you need rather than something the child needs.
One person caring about another represents life's greatest value.
Caring is powerful business advantage.
Always be little kinder than necessary.
The more sympathy you give, the less you need.
To give and then not feel that one has given is the very best of all ways of giving.
It is not alone the fact that women have generally had to spend most of their strength in caring for others that has handicapped them in individual effort but also that they have almost universally had to care wholly for themselves.
One must care about world one will never see.
You don't have garden just for yourself. You have it to share.
person who cares about the earth will resonate with its purity.
mother is person who seeing there are only four pieces of pie for five people, promptly announces she never did care for pie.
Nature is cruel, but we don't have to be.
kind word is like spring day.
wise man adapts himself to circumstances, as water shapes itself to the vessel that contains it.
As the sun's shadow shifts, so there is no permanence on earth.
We can't be afraid of change. You may feel very secure in the pond that you are in, but if you never venture out of it, you will never know that there is such thing as an ocean, sea. Holding onto something that is good for you now, may be the very reason why you don't have something better.
To improve is to change to be perfect is to change often.
little axe can cut down big tree.
When we are no longer able to change situation, we are challenged to change ourselves.
rolling stone gathers no moss.
Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
At high tide, fish eat ants at low tide, ants eat fish.
People who wait for changes to occur on the outside before they commit to making changes on the inside will never make any changes at all.
The wheel of change moves on, and those who were down go up and those who were up go down.
He who rejects change is the architect of decay. The only human institution which rejects progress is the cemetery.
year's care minute's ruin.
You must be the change you wish to see in the world.
An hour may destroy what an age was building.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
Things change. And friends leave. Life doesn't stop for anybody.
Without accepting the fact that everything changes, we cannot find perfect composure. But unfortunately, although it is true, it is difficult for us to accept it. Because we cannot accept the truth of transience, we suffer.
The only people who like change are wet babies.
decision made at night may be changed in the morning.
The art of life is constant readjustment to our surroundings.
Life is like the moon now full, now dark.
The winds of heaven change suddenly so do human fortunes.
When the moon is full, it begins to wane.
You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler.
Change is inevitable. except from vending machine.
When you are through changing, you are through.
You can avoid having ulcers by adapting to the situation If you fall in the mud puddle, check your pockets for fish.
All change is not growth, as all movement is not forward.
After you've done thing the same way for two years, look it over carefully. After five years, look at it with suspicion. And after ten years, throw it away and start all over.
Change is the law of life and those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
Everything comes to pass, nothing comes to stay.
Persist as resolutely as you persist in eating.
We all have big changes in our lives that are more or less second chance.
Things do not change we change.
Change is hard because people overestimate the value of what they have and underestimate the value of what they may gain by giving that up.
People don't resist change. They resist being changed.
It is not the strongest or the most intelligent who will survive but those who can best manage change.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Pleasures are transient honors immortal.
The leopard does not change his spots.
Come what may, time and hour runs through the roughest day.
Any plan is bad that cannot be changed.
Change is inevitable. Change is constant.
All good things must come to an end.
Off with the old and on with the new.
Nothing remains constant except change itself.
The morning cup of coffee has an exhilaration about it which the cheering influence of the afternoon or evening cup of tea cannot be expected to reproduce.
believe humans get lot done, not because we're smart, but because we have thumbs so we can make coffee.
It is inhumane, in my opinion, to force people who genuinely have medical need for coffee to wait in line behind people who apparently view it as some kind of recreational activity.
Coffee the favorite drink of the civilized world.
As soon as coffee is in your stomach, there is general commotion. Ideas begin to move. similes arise, the paper is covered. Coffee is your ally and writing ceases to be struggle.
Even bad coffee is better than no coffee at all.
The powers of man's mind are directly proportioned to the quantity of coffee he drinks.
Decaffeinated coffee is the devil's blend.
We want to do lot of stuff we're not in great shape. We didn't get good night's sleep. We're little depressed. Coffee solves all these problems in one delightful little cup.
Among the numerous luxuries of the table. coffee may be considered as one of the most valuable. It excites cheerfulness without intoxication and the pleasing flow of spirits which it occasions. is never followed by sadness, languor or debility.
Way too much coffee. But if it weren't for the coffee, I'd have no identifiable personality whatsoever.
cup of coffee real coffee home browned, home ground, home made, that comes to you dark as hazel eye, but changes to golden bronze as you temper it with cream that never cheated, but was real cream from its birth, thick, tenderly yellow, perfectly sweet, neither lumpy nor frothing on the Java such cup of coffee is match for twenty blue devils and will exorcise them all.
Coffee was only way of stealing time that should by rights belong to your slightly older self.
Coffee, according to the women of Denmark, is to the body what the Word of the Lord is to the soul.
After all, coffee is bitter, flavor from the forbidden and dangerous realm.
like coffee because it gives me the illusion that might be awake.
Should kill myself, or have cup of coffee.
never laugh until I've had my coffee.
No one can understand the truth until he drinks of coffee's frothy goodness.
morning without coffee is like sleep.
Once you wake up and smell the coffee, it's hard to go back to sleep.
Coffee is the best thing to douse the sunrise with.
There's nothing sweeter than cup of bitter coffee.
As long as there was coffee in the world, how bad could things be.
I'd rather take coffee than compliments just now.
Come on, don't you ever stop and smell the coffee.
Coffee first. Schemes later.
To me, the smell of fresh made coffee is one of the greatest inventions.
Coffee and love are best when they are hot.
cup of gourmet coffee shared with friend is happiness tasted and time well spent.
If you haven't any charity in your heart, you have the worst kind of heart trouble.
Compassion is sometimes the fatal capacity for feeling what it is like to live inside somebody else's skin. It is the knowledge that there can never really be any peace and joy for me until there is peace and joy finally for you too.
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion.
Compassion will cure more sins than condemnation.
Compassion is not religious business, it is human business, it is not luxury, it is essential for our own peace and mental stability, it is essential for human survival.
Compassion is the basis of all morality.
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.
People will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
Life is an exciting business, and most exciting when it is lived for others.
You cannot do kindness too soon, for you never know how soon it will be too late.
The worst sin toward our fellow creatures is not to hate them, but to be indifferent to them that's the essence of inhumanity.
The only way out of the labyrinth of suffering is to forgive.
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting harder battle.
All ever wanted was to reach out and touch another human being not just with my hands but with my heart.
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.
Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them, humanity cannot survive.
Compassion brings us to stop, and for moment we rise above ourselves.
Compassion is the radicalism of our time.
Biblical orthodoxy without compassion is surely the ugliest thing in the world.
Compassion is foundation for sharing our aliveness and building more humane world.
Compassion has no place in the natural order of the world which operates on the basis of necessity. Compassion opposes this order and is therefore best thought of as being in some way supernatural.
No matter who we are, no matter how successful, no matter what our situation, compassion is something we all need to receive and give.
The whole idea of compassion is based on keen awareness of the interdependence of all these living beings, which are all part of one another, and all involved in one another.
You may call God love, you may call God goodness. But the best name for God is compassion.
feel the capacity to care is the thing which gives life its deepest significance.
The individual is capable of both great compassion and great indifference. He has it within his means to nourish the former and outgrow the latter.
It is in deep solitude that find the gentleness with which can truly love my brothers.
Human kindness has never weakened the stamina or softened the fiber of free people. nation does not have to be cruel to be tough.
If there is any kindness can show, or any good thing can do to any fellow being, let me do it now, and not deter or neglect it, as shall not pass this way again.
would rather make mistakes in kindness and compassion than work miracles in unkindness and hardness.
Suffering and joy teach us, if we allow them, how to make the leap of empathy, which transports us into the soul and heart of another person.
The greatest degree of inner tranquility comes from the development of love and compassion. The more we care for the happiness of others, the greater is our own sense of well being.
The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well.
We must never minimize the suffering of another. Scripture's mandate to us is, Weep with them that weep. Romans 12 15, KJV.
People may excite in themselves glow of compassion, not by toasting their feet at the fire, and saying Lord, teach me compassion, but by going and seeking an object that requires compassion.
We are already one. But we imagine that we are not. And what we have to recover is our original unity. What we have to be is what we are.
It is important not to allow ourselves to be put off by the magnitude of others suffering. The misery of millions is not cause for pity. Rather it is cause for compassion.
Compassion will no longer be seen as spiritual luxury for contemplative few rather it will be viewed as social necessity for the entire human family.
The only way out of the labyrinth of suffering is to forgive.
Biblical orthodoxy without compassion is surely the ugliest thing in the world.
It is easy enough to be friendly to one's friends. But to befriend the one who regards himself as your enemy is the quintessence of true religion. The other is mere business.
Remember that everyone you meet is afraid of something, loves something, and has lost something.
good character is the best tombstone. Those who loved you and were helped by you will remember you when forget me nots have withered. Carve your name on hearts, not on marble.
choose kindness. will be kind to the poor, for they are alone. Kind to the rich, for they are afraid. And kind to the unkind, for such is how God has treated me.
Too often we underestimate the power of touch, smile, kind word, listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn life around.
Consistency is the last refuge of the unimaginative.
Consistency is what matters the most in triggering something important to your life.
Consistency is contrary to nature, contrary to life. The only completely consistent people are the dead.
Consistency is the foundation of virtue.
Consistency requires you to be as ignorant today as you were year ago.
Without consistency there is no moral strength.
Consistency is the paste jewel that only cheap men cherish.
Consistency is the enemy of enterprise, just as symmetry is the enemy of art.
Consistency is the horror of the world.
Consistency is the quality of stagnant mind.
Consistency is contraceptive it prevents the birth of new things.
Consistency is jewel, but too much jewelry is vulgar.
Consistency It's the jewel worth wearing It's the anchor worth weighing It's the thread worth weaving It's battle worth winning.
True consistency, that of the prudent and the wise, is to act in conformity with circumstances, and not to act always the same way under change of circumstances.
Consistency is only suitable for ridicule.
Consistency is found in that work whose whole and detail are suitable to the occasion. It arises from circumstance, custom, and nature.
It's not what we do once in while that shapes our lives. It's what we do consistently.
Do it again and again. Consistency makes the rain drops to create holes in the rock. Whatever is difficult can be done easily with regular attendance, attention and action.
My name is CONSISTENCY, am related to SUCCESS. We should hang out more often than every once in while.
Consistency is the key If you can't be consistent, then you can't be anything.
CONSISTENCY FOR ME IS EVERYTHING.
Let there be consistency in whatever you do and whatever you say. If what you think and say is mismatching with what you do, you can't really be trusted.
Consistency also teaches us that some things do not change, though we may wish they would. Not everything bends to our personal preferences.
The secret of success is consistency of purpose.
Across professions, consistency is direct product of work ethic.
Lack of consistency is weakness shared by all nations.
Consistency is the most overrated of all human virtues. I'm someone who changes his mind all the time.
For changes to be of any true value, they've got to be lasting and consistent.
You have to perform at consistently higher level than others. That's the mark of true professional.
The problem with being consistent is that there are lots of ways to be consistent, and they're all inconsistent with each other.
Teenage crush is like flu. If you find remedy for it, it lasts for couple of days. If you don't, it still lasts for couple of days.
Some crushes just never went away. They built, instead, into something permanent, obsessive and all consuming.
Infatuation is like drug that gives you the best high yet gives you the worst headache after.
The mark of true crush. is that you fall in love first and grope for reasons afterward.
know am but summer to your heart, and not the full four seasons of the year.
Infatuation is the language of beautiful eye upon sensitive heart.
To be your friend was all ever wanted to be your lover was all ever dreamed.
If had single flower for every time think of you, could walk forever in my garden.
Just thinking about you brings smile to face, twinkle to my eye, and skipped beat to my heart.
You get crushes on people. You have to see them every day in that week. They're fantastic person, and it could be man or woman.
Sometimes just can't ignore the way feel when see you smile.
It's nice to have crush on someone. It feels like you're alive, you know.
Your eyes make me shy.
don't remember having crush on boy when was girl. don't even remember my first kiss.
What she had realised was that love was that moment when your heart was about to burst.
And when you love someone you don't always see them realistically.
Admiration is very short lived passion, that immediately decays upon growing familiar with its object.
My insides still turn over when he looks at me that certain way.
Even without kiss, this moment is perfect, and you wouldn't trade it for anything.
Nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love.
Some people are so much sunshine to the square inch.
think about you constantly, whether it's with my mind or my heart.
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy, they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
When find myself thinking of you, it is all the good memories that we had that bring smile to my face.
like her because she smiles at me and means it.
Because of your smile, you make life more beautiful.
Isn't it funny how just one little phone call or text can make your bad day suddenly wonderful.
She gave me smile could feel in my hip pocket.
And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music.
Nobody cares if you can't dance well. Just get up and dance.
Dancing is vertical expression of horizontal desire.
To dance is to be out of yourself. Larger, more beautiful, more powerful. This is power, it is glory on earth and it is yours for the taking.
Dance for yourself. If someone understands, good. If not, no matter. Go right on doing what interests you, and do it until it stops interesting you.
You don't enter dance studio and say can't do that. If you do, then why are you in the studio in the first place.
Dance is the hidden language of the soul of the body.
How can we know the dancer from the dance.
Dancing is wonderful training for girls, it's the first way you learn to guess what man is going to do before he does it.
Dance is the only art of which we ourselves are the stuff of which it is made.
There are short cuts to happiness, and dancing is one of them.
Dancing with the feet is one thing, but dancing with the heart is another.
Dancing can reveal all the mystery that music conceals.
Dancing is the poetry of the foot.
Dancing is the loftiest, the most moving, the most beautiful of the arts, because it is not mere translation or abstraction from life it is life itself.
Dancing is moving to the music without stepping on anyone's toes, pretty much the same as life.
The dance is poem of which each movement is word.
Dancing is the world's favorite metaphor.
Talk about dance Dance is not something to talk about. Dance is to dance.
To watch us dance is to hear our hearts speak.
They who love dancing too much seem to have more brains in their feet than in their head.
Dance isn't something that can be explained in words. It has to be danced.
Dance is like wine it matures with every performance.
Dancing faces you towards Heaven, whichever direction you turn.
Dancing is silent poetry.
Dance first. Think later. It's the natural order.
Dance is song of the body. Either of joy or pain.
The dance minimum of explanation, minimum of anecdotes, and maximum of sensations.
Dance is the poetic baring of the soul through motion.
Dance is like life, it exists as you're flitting through it, and when it's over, it's done.
Dance every performance as if it were your last.
Do it big, do it right, and do it with style.
The only reason for mastering technique is to make sure the body does not prevent the soul from expressing itself.
He who cannot dance puts the blame on the floor.
Those who dance are considered insane by those who can't hear the music.
When you dance, your purpose is not to get to certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way.
To dance, put your hand on your heart and listen to the sound of your soul.
I'm not so interested in how they move as in what moves them.
Someone need not be perfect to be great dancer feeling soul is more important than what the body can do.
Dance is the movement of the universe concentrated in an individual.
We dance for laughter, we dance for tears, we dance for madness, we dance for fears, we dance for hopes, we dance for screams, we are the dancers, we create the dreams.
do not try to dance better than anyone else. only try to to dance better than myself.
Dancing begets warmth, which is the parent of wantonness. It is, Sir, the great grandfather of cuckoldom.
Dance, when you're broken open. Dance, if you've torn the bandage off. Dance in the middle of the fighting. Dance in your blood. Dance when you're perfectly free.
To be fond of dancing was certain step towards falling in love.
There is bit of insanity in dancing that does everybody great deal of good.
Dance till the stars come down from the rafters Dance, Dance, Dance till you drop.
Dance, even if you have nowhere to do it but your living room.
Dancing is like bank robbery. It takes split second timing.
Dance is your pulse, your heartbeat, your breathing. It's the rhythm of your life. It's the expression in time and movement, in happiness, joy, sadness and envy.
He who cannot dance puts the blame on the floor.
Those who dance are considered insane by those who can't hear the music.
To dance, put your hand on your heart and listen to the sound of your soul.
I'm not so interested in how they move as in what moves them.
Someone need not be perfect to be great dancer Feeling soul is more important than what the body can do.
We dance for laughter, we dance for tears, we dance for madness, we dance for fears, we dance for hopes, we dance for screams, we are the dancers, we create the dreams.
do not try to dance better than anyone else. only try to to dance better than myself.
Dancing begets warmth, which is the parent of wantonness. It is, Sir, the great grandfather of cuckoldom.
To be fond of dancing was certain step towards falling in love.
There is bit of insanity in dancing that does everybody great deal of good.
Dance till the stars come down from the rafters Dance, Dance, Dance till you drop.
Dance, even if you have nowhere to do it but your living room.
Dancing is like bank robbery. It takes split second timing.
Nobody cares if you can't dance well. Just get up and dance.
How can we know the dancer from the dance.
Dancing with the feet is one thing, but dancing with the heart is another.
Dancing is the world's favorite metaphor.
Dancing is silent poetry.
Dance first. Think later. It's the natural order.
Dance every performance as if it were your last.
Disappointment to noble soul is what cold water is to burning metal it strengthens, tempers, intensifies, but never destroys it.
We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope.
If am to meet with disappointment, the sooner know it, the more of life shall have to wear it off.
Disappointment, when it involves neither shame nor loss, is as good as success for it supplies as many images to the mind, and as many topics to the tongue.
One's best success comes after their greatest disappointments.
Disappointments are to the soul what thunderstorm is to the air.
Disappointment is good sign of basic intelligence. It cannot be compared to anything else it is so sharp, precise, obvious, and direct. If we can open, then we suddenly begin to see that our expectations are irrelevant compared with the reality of the situations we are facing.
What do you do when disappointment comes When it weighs on you like rock, you can either let it press you down until you become discouraged, even devastated, or you can use it as stepping stone to better things.
The size of your success is measured by the strength of your desire the size of your dream and how you handle disappointment along the way.
But you know that disappointment is just the action of your brain readjusting itself to reality after discovering things are not the way you thought they were.
God makes the life fertile by disappointments, as he makes the ground fertile by frosts.
Let's face it None of us are ever going to get to the place in life where we have no more disappointments. We can't expect to be sheltered from every little thing. Disappointment is fact of life one that must be dealt with.
Disappointment is sort of bankruptcy the bankruptcy of soul that expends too much in hope and expectation.
Life is not always celebration so be ready to courageously face disappointments when they come, and be sure to grow stronger and wiser from them.
There can be no deep disappointment where there is not deep love.
Disappointments are result of failed expectations. To have less disappointments, either expect less from other people or demand more from yourself.
Disappointment is nothing but an eye opening learning process for your future endeavors.
See your disappointments as good fortune. One plan's deflation is another's inflation.
Disappointment or misfortune don't last long among us, the poor we can't live if we brood on them the whole time.
In the midst of my disappointment am never defeated. Only given the opportunity to rise again willing to take on new challenges.
Disappointments are just God's way of saying I've got something better Be Patient. Live Life. Have Faith.
Anytime you suffer setback or disappointment, put your head down and plow ahead.
Disappointment is really just term for our refusal to look on the bright side.
The simple solution for disappointment depression Get up and get moving. Physically move. Do. Act. Get going.
Don't let today's disappointments cast shadow on tomorrow's dreams.
Use disappointments as material for patience.
Every disappointment gives you opportunity to make another appointment.
It is through disappointment that must learn to never accept defeat, but to always come up with brand new plan and find solution.
High expectations lead to higher disappointments.
We all should know that diversity makes for rich tapestry, and we must understand that all the threads of the tapestry are equal in value no matter what their color.
If we cannot now end our differences, at least we can help make the world safe for diversity.
Diversity the art of thinking independently together.
Diversity is about all of us, and about us having to figure out how to walk through this world together.
know there is strength in the differences between us. know there is comfort, where we overlap.
We are all different, which is great because we are all unique. Without diversity life would be very boring.
have self made quote Celebrate diversity, practice acceptance and may we all choose peaceful options to conflict.
Isn't it amazing that we are all made in God's image, and yet there is so much diversity among his people.
An individual has not started living until he can rise above the narrow confines of his individualistic concerns to the broader concerns of all humanity.
Diversity in the world is basic characteristic of human society, and also the key condition for lively and dynamic world as we see today.
Strength lies in differences, not in similarities.
It is never too late to give up your prejudices.
The wise man belongs to all countries, for the home of great soul is the whole world.
Diversity is the magic. It is the first manifestation, the first beginning of the differentiation of thing and of simple identity. The greater the diversity, the greater the perfection.
There are no nations There is only humanity. And if we don't come to understand that right soon, there will be no nations, because there will be no humanity.
It were not best that we should all think alike it is difference of opinion that makes horse races.
We have become not melting pot but beautiful mosaic. Different people, different beliefs, different yearnings, different hopes, different dreams.
It is time for parents to teach young people early on that in diversity there is beauty and there is strength.
Diversity is not about how we differ. Diversity is about embracing one another's uniqueness.
Honest difference of views and honest debate are not disunity. They are the vital process of policy among free men.
There never were in the world two opinions alike, no more than two hairs or two grains the most universal quality is diversity.
In our work and in our living, we must recognize that difference is reason for celebration and growth, rather than reason for destruction.
We all live with the objective of being happy our lives are all different and yet the same.
Religions are many and diverse, but reason and goodness are one.
Infinite diversity in infinite combinations. symbolizing the elements that create truth and beauty.
Our task must be to free ourselves. by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature and its beauty.
Wit lies in recognizing the resemblance among things which differ and the difference between things which are alike.
Peace is not unity in similarity but unity in diversity, in the comparison and conciliation of differences.
The minute we become an integrated whole, we look through the same eyes and we see whole different world together.
feel my heart break to see nation ripped apart by it's own greatest strength it's diversity.
People may be said to resemble not the bricks of which house is build, but the pieces of picture puzzle, each differing in shape, but matching the rest, and thus bringing out the picture.
Human diversity makes tolerance more than virtue it makes it requirement for survival.
Society is unity in diversity.
Different roads sometimes lead to the same castle.
lot of different flowers make bouquet.
The peoples of the earth are one family.
What the world needs most is openness Open hearts, open doors, open eyes, open minds, open ears, open souls.
No culture can live, if it attempts to be exclusive.
The biggest mistake is believing there is one right way to listen, to talk, to have conversation or relationship.
Differences challenge assumptions.
There is the sky, which is all men's together.
Diversity is the one true thing we all have in common. Celebrate it every day.
Everyone is kneaded out of the same dough but not baked in the same oven.
Creating and managing diverse workforce is process, not destination.
What we have to do. is to find way to celebrate our diversity and debate our differences without fracturing our communities.
In each human heart are tiger, pig, an ass and nightingale. Diversity of character is due to their unequal activity.
Variety is the soul of pleasure.
Variety is the spice of life.
When you're good at making excuses, it's hard to excel at anything else.
Several excuses are always less convincing than one.
The best excuse is to have none.
Once your excuses are gone, you will simply have to settle for being awesome.
Excuses are merely nails used to build house of failure.
Excuses are the tools with which persons with no purpose in view build for themselves great monuments of nothing.
He that is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else.
He who excuses himself accuses himself.
Ninety nine percent of the failures come from people who have the habit of making excuses.
The real man is one who always finds excuses for others, but never excuses himself.
Don't make excuses, make something incredible happen in your life right now.
Never make excuses. Your friends don't need them and your foes won't believe them.
Don't make excuses. Make things happen. Make changes. Then make history.
Put all excuses aside and remember this YOU are capable.
Do you find yourself making excuses when you do not perform Shed the excuses and face reality. Excuses are the loser's way out. They will mar your credibility and stunt your personal growth.
You can make excuses or you can make progress. You choose.
Excuses change nothing, but make everyone feel better.
The origin of every excuse is the failure to do something.
Excuses, are nothing more, than reason to fail.
Don't make excuses make good.
An excuse is worse and more terrible than lie for an excuse is lie guarded.
life that is defended by Excuses has become comfortable in defeat, it has settled for mediocrity and is destined for failure.
Don't look for excuses to lose. Look for excuses to win.
An excuse is skin of reason stuffed with lie.
It is better to offer no excuse than bad one.
An excuse becomes an obstacle in your journey to success when it is made in place of your best effort or when it is used as the object of the blame.
Any excuse will serve tyrant.
Don't make excuses and Don't talk about it. Do it.
Don't use your past as an excuse, excuse your excuses and take action now.
attribute my success to this never gave or took an excuse.
Some people use excuses to not accept responsiblity, others use excuses as way to justify.
Don't look for excuses to lose. Look for excuses to win.
Excuses are used to justify leaving the scene of truth without changing.
Excuses are useless. Results are priceless.
If you don't want to do something, one excuse is as good as another.
do not believe in excuses. believe in hard work as the prime solvent of life's problems.
Any excuse will do when you need an excuse because it really doesn't matter. You won't be of much use to those who require people that get it done no matter what.
The only good excuse is that you have none.
If you really want to do it, you do it. There are no excuses.
And oftentimes excusing of fault Doth make the fault the worse by the excuse.
For many people, an excuse is better than an achievement because an achievement, no matter how great, leaves you having to prove yourself again in the future, but an excuse can last for life.
Where the heart is willing it will find thousand ways, but where it is unwilling it will find thousand excuses.
There is always perfectly good excuse, always reason not to. The hardest freedom to win is the freedom from one's excuses.
We excuse our sloth under the pretext of difficulty.
Instead of excuses, take action you'll be surprised how often you accomplish what you thought was difficult.
Don't do what you'll have to find an excuse for.
You can make excuses or you can get the job done, but you can't do both.
If you always make excuses to not follow through you deserve the weight of anxiety on your chest.
Never ruin an apology with an excuse.
Excuses are seldom truthful, often handy, and rarely productive. Don't make excuses make things happen.
Fake friends those who only drill holes under your boat to get it leaking those who discredit your ambitions and those who pretend they love you, but behind their backs they know they are in to destroy your legacies.
We fear our enemy but the bigger and real fear is that of fake friend who is sweetest to your face and most vile behind your back.
Fake friends are like shadows always near you at your brightest moments, but nowhere to be seen at your darkest hour True friends are like stars, you don't always see them but they are always there.
Someone who smiles too much with you can sometime frown too much with you at your back.
despise the rituals of fake friendship. wish we could just claw each other's eyes out and call it day instead we put on huge radiant smiles and spout compliments until our teeth hurt from the saccharine sweetness of it all.
Be very careful of who you share your problem with, remember that not every friend that smile at you is your best friend.
It is hard to deal with someone who smiles and pretends to like you to your face and sticks that eight inch blade in your back when you turn around.
false friend and shadow attend only while the sun shines.
An honest enemy is better than false friend. When in doubt, pay more attention to what people do and less to what they say. Actions not only speak louder than words, they are more difficult to fake.
Time alone can prove the worth of friendship. As time goes by we lose the the false ones and keep the best. True friends stay when all the rest are gone.
An insincere and evil friend is more to be feared than wild beast wild beast may wound your body, but an evil friend will wound your mind.
False friendship, like the ivy, decays and ruins the walls it embraces but true friendship gives new life and animation to the object it supports.
friend who stands with you in pressure is more valuable than hundred ones who stand with you in pleasure.
Most people want to see you to do better, but not doing better than them.
An honest enemy is better than best friend who lies.
Always sleep with one eye open. Never take anything for granted. Your best friends might just be your enemies.
Pretend to be poor in reality and you'll notice decrease in your friends list and request.
Fake friends are like autumn leaves, they're scattered everywhere.
You always knew after sh things happened, who your friends really were.
Better an honest enemy than false friend.
Watch who you call friend, because friends are the same ones that will leak your business to everyone after y'all not friends anymore.
I've got more respect for someone who comes out and says they don't like me than for the ones who act like they do but talk bad about me when I'm not around.
You got nothing to lose. You don't lose when you lose fake friends.
Keep talking about me behind my back, and watch God keep blessing me in front of your face.
Every coin has two sides, just like most people have two faces.
used to think enemies were the worst people in the world, but that was until met fake friends and realized that they're lot worse.
The same person that speaks highly of you will be the same person that downs you. Be careful who you call friends.
Better to have an enemy who slaps you in the face than friend who stabs you in the back.
An enemy, who is honest and shows his her hate openly is better than friend who is liar and putting you down secretly.
false friend, friendly fraud both are like thieves.
false friend is like the shadow of sundial.
Friends are like melons. Shall tell you why To find good one, you must hundred try.
false friend and shadow attend only while the sun shines.
To betray you must first belong. never belonged.
If had to choose between betraying my country and betraying my friend, hope should have the guts to betray my country.
Brother, even by our mother dust, charge you, do not betray me to your mirth or hate.
In one respect indeed, our employment may be reckoned dishonest, because, like great Statesmen, we encourage those who betray their friends.
Is it possible to succeed without any act of betrayal.
First best is falling in love. Second best is being in love. Least best is falling out of love. But any of it is better than never having been in love.
You will always fall in love, and it will always be like having your throat cut, just that fast.
Falling in love is the best way to kill your heart because then it's not yours anymore. It's laid in coffin, waiting to be cremated.
When you fall in love, the natural thing to do is give yourself to it. That's what think. It's just form of sincerity.
Have you ever watched leaf leave tree It falls upward first, and then it drifts toward the ground, just as find myself drifting towards you.
Love is but the discovery of ourselves in others and the delight in the recognition.
Never rush into falling in love, because love never runs out Let love be the one to knock at your door. Besides true love is worth waiting for.
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.
To fall in love is to create religion that has fallible god.
The first time you fall in love, it changes your life forever, and no matter how hard you try, the feeling never goes away.
Sometimes you break your heart in the right way, if you know what mean.
As he read, fell in love the way you fall asleep slow, and then all at once.
Falling in love is great. It colors your whole world and makes your days inspiring. But for some reason, some people find it too scary. They decided it's to better hold that part of their feelings.
Falling in love doesn't fall by itself. There is always desire to take the plunge. Just make sure that love sticks around, to pick you up when you fall.
To fall in love is awfully simple, but to fall out of love is simply awful.
Falling in love consists merely in uncorking the imagination and bottling the common sense.
Falling for someone is easy, getting back up after the fall is the problem.
He is my unicorn, though. That's how felt falling in love with him, as if I'd found creature of myth.
Falling in love with YOU was never my intention, but it became my ADDICTION.
Falling for him would be like cliff diving. It would be either the most exhilarating thing that ever happened to me or the stupidest mistake I'd ever make.
This thing about you that you think is your flaw it's the reason I'm falling in love with you.
man falls in love through his eyes, woman through her ears.
You know you're in love the moment you can touch the stars without reaching.
You know you're falling in love when the feeling of falling actually feels like you're floating.
Falling in love is easy. Falling in love with the same person repeatedly is extraordinary.
To fall in love is easy, even to remain in it is not difficult our human loneliness is cause enough. But is hard quest worth making to find comrade through whose steady presence one becomes steadily the person one desires to be.
He that falls in love with himself will have no rivals.
To fall in love with someone's thoughts the most intimate, splendid romance.
To fall in love is legendry action that doesn't need any explanation.
fall into him like one would fall into dream, ready to submit to your subconscious's inner most desires and your deepest fears.
Always try to come back to your senses when in love, because that's the moment you become almost carried away by sensuality and sentiments.
Because if fell any deeper for the way his eyes crinkled with his smile or his habit of tapping on his nose to emphasize point, my ship would be sunk.
It's easy to fall in love. The hard part is finding someone to catch you.
successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person.
Falling in love is subtle process, connection sparked by attraction, tested by compatibility, and forged by memory.
don't know how to say this, or even if its true. But love the way you make me feel, and think I'm falling for you.
Everybody makes mistakes. also make them. But the biggest mistake ever made was falling for you.
You always fall for the most unexpected person at the most unexpected time and sometimes for the most unexpected reason.
Trying to make someone fall in love with you is about as pointless as trying to control who you fall in love with.
When you fall in love with someone, you give them your heart. When you find out they love you too, you get it back, times two.
have always been quite good at falling in love, but don't pretend to know anything about literal happily ever afters.
guy knows he's in love when he loses interest in his car for couple of days.
Fall in love when you're ready, not when you're lonely.
Never love anybody who treats you like you're ordinary.
When you are missing someone, time seems to move slower, and when I'm falling in love with someone, time seems to be moving faster.
Don't fall for him to notice him, notice him to fall for him.
It is not flesh and blood but the heart which makes us fathers and sons.
An ounce of blood is worth more than pound of friendship.
We all grow up with the weight of history on us. Our ancestors dwell in the attics of our brains as they do in the spiraling chains of knowledge hidden in every cell of our bodies.
You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them.
father's treasure brother's comfort friend is both.
brother may not be friend, but friend will always be brother.
Families are the compass that guides us. They are the inspiration to reach great heights, and our comfort when we occasionally falter.
Families are messy. Immortal families are eternally messy. Sometimes the best we can do is to remind each other that we're related for better or for worse and try to keep the maiming and killing to minimum.
Home is where you are loved the most and act the worst.
Be it ever so humble there's no place like home.
Feelings of worth can flourish only in an atmosphere where individual differences are appreciated, mistakes are tolerated, communication is open, and rules are flexible the kind of atmosphere that is found in nurturing family.
Children are poor man's riches.
Children have more need of models than critics.
What greater thing is there for human souls than to feel that they are joined for life to be with each other in silent unspeakable memories.
Each day of our lives we make deposits in the memory banks of our children.
One father is more than hundred schoolmasters.
That's what people do who love you. They put their arms around you and love you when you're not so lovable.
Families ties are cherished things, forged in childhood days, by love of parents, deep and true, and sweet familiar ways.
Having children makes you no more parent than having piano makes you pianist.
The most important thing father can do for his children is to love their mother.
While we try to teach our children all about life, our children teach us what life is all about.
All parents damage their children. It cannot be helped. Youth, like pristine glass, absorbs the prints of its handlers. Some parents smudge, others crack, few shatter childhoods completely into jagged little pieces, beyond repair.
It is wise father that knows his own child.
Bringing up family should be an adventure, not an anxious discipline in which everybody is constantly graded for performance.
Parents are like God because you wanna know they're out there, and you want them to think well of you, but you really only call when you need something.
Parents were the only ones obligated to love you from the rest of the world you had to earn it.
The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other's life. Rarely do members of one family grow up under the same roof.
The strength of nation derives from the integrity of the home.
mother is not person to lean on, but person to make leaning unnecessary.
The best inheritance parent can give to his children is few minutes of their time each day.
The children despise their parents until the age of when they suddenly become just like them thus preserving the system.
This is part of what family is about, not just love. It's knowing that your family will be there watching out for you. Nothing else will give you that. Not money. Not fame. Not work.
Home is people. Not place. If you go back there after the people are gone, then all you can see is what is not there any more.
daughter without her mother is woman broken. It is loss that turns to arthritis and settles deep into her bones.
The informality of family life is blessed condition that allows us to become our best while looking our worst.
We cannot destroy kindred our chains stretch little sometimes, but they never break.
This was the trouble with families. Like invidious doctors, they knew just where it hurt.
Blood is thicker than water.
house divided cannot stand.
The apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
crab walks, so walks his children.
What children say, they have heard at home.
You can do anything with children if only you play with them.
To put the world right in order, we must first put the nation in order to put the nation in order, we must first put the family in order to put the family in order, we must first cultivate our personal life we must first set our hearts right.
Like father, like son.
Home is where the heart is.
Give an extra piece of cake to stepchild.
Charity begins at home.
When you educate man you educate an individual. When you educate woman you educate whole family.
We create our fate every day we live.
Fate leads the willing and drags along the unwilling.
No power or virtue of man could ever have deserved that what has been fated should not have taken place.
Fate is nothing but the deeds committed in prior state of existence.
Fate is for those too weak to determine their own destiny.
Men are not prisoners of fate, but only prisoners of their own minds.
Sometimes our fate resembles fruit tree in winter. Who would think that those branches would turn green again and blossom, but we hope it, we know it.
Wherever man may happen to turn, whatever man may undertake, he will always end up by returning to the path which nature has marked out for him.
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart.
Each player must accept the cards life deals him or her. But once they are in hand, he or she alone must decide how to play the cards in order to win the game.
Many men would take the death sentence without whimper to escape the life sentence which Fate carries in her hand.
We may become the makers of our fate when we have ceased to pose as its prophets.
How person masters his fate is more important than what his fate is.
When an inner situation is not made conscious, it appears outside as fate.
As we move through life, the force of fate creates events that we only appreciate when we reflect on our existence.
One meets his destiny often in the road he takes to avoid it.
Nothing happens by chance, my friend. No such thing as luck. meaning behind every little thing, and such meaning behind this. Part for you, part for me, may not see it all real clear right now, but we will, before long.
Whatever the universal nature assigns to any man at any time is for the good of that man at that time.
Man is manacled only by himself thought and action are the jailers of Fate.
You cannot be lost on road that is straight.
It lies not in our power to love, or hate, For will in us is over rul'd by fate.
do not believe in fate that will fall on us no matter what we do. do believe in fate that will fall on us if we do nothing.
We are spinning our own fates, good or evil, never to be undone.
Whoever yields properly to Fate, is deemed Wise among men, and knows the laws of heaven.
Man does not control his own fate. The women in his life do that for him.
Fate's sentence written on the brow no hand can e'er efface.
Maybe Fate isn't the pond you swim in but the fisherman floating on top of it, letting you run the line wild until you are weary enough to be reeled back in.
Fate is not an eagle, it creeps like rat.
Man may his fate foresee, but not prevent Tis better to be fortunate than wise.
We seal our fate with the choices we make.
Lots of folks confuse bad management with destiny.
Failure and success seem to have been allotted to men by their stars. But they retain the power of wriggling, of fighting with their star or against it, and in the whole universe the only really interesting movement is this wriggle.
will seize fate by the throat it shall certainly never wholly overcome me.
Fate laughs at probabilities.
They. who await No gifts from Chance, have conquered Fate.
door that seems to stand open must be man's size, or it is not the door that Providence means for him.
Again, you can't connect the dots looking forward you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life.
Fate is like strange, unpopular restaurant, filled with odd waiters who bring you things you never asked for and don't always like.
Fate loves the fearless.
It matters not how strait the gate, How charged with punishments the scroll, am the master of my fate am the captain of my soul.
Do not be afraid our fate Cannot be taken from us it is gift.
Once you make decision, the universe conspires to make it happen.
Sometimes life has cruel sense of humor, giving you the thing you always wanted at the worst time possible.
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can circumvent or hinder or control the firm resolve of determined soul.
Fate is never fair. You are caught in current much stronger than you are struggle against it and you'll drown not just yourself but those who try to save you. Swim with it. and you'll survive.
Yet it would be your duty to bear it, if you could not avoid it it is weak and silly to say you cannot bear what it is your fate to be required to bear.
can control my destiny, but not my fate. Destiny means there are opportunities to turn right or left, but fate is one way street. believe we all have the choice as to whether we fulfil our destiny, but our fate is sealed.
There is no such thing as accident it is fate misnamed.
What separates the winners from the losers is how person reacts to each new twist of fate.
Just because Fate doesn't deal you the right cards, it doesn't mean you should give up. It just means you have to play the cards you get to their maximum potential.
Men can starve from lack of self realization as much as they can from lack of bread.
People often say that this or that person has not yet found himself. But the self is not something one finds, it is something one creates.
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.
Know yourself. Don't accept your dog's admiration as conclusive evidence that you are wonderful.
Know thyself If knew myself, I'd run away.
The only journey is the journey within.
Not until we are lost do we begin to understand ourselves.
One must know oneself. If this does not serve to discover truth, it at least serves as rule of life, and there is nothing better.
think that somehow, we learn who we really are and then live with that decision.
Should we say the self, once perceived, becomes the soul.
Resolve to be thyself and know, that he who finds himself, loses his misery.
To find yourself, think for yourself.
If man happens to find himself, he has mansion which he can inhabit with dignity all the days of his life.
In the end you don't so much find yourself as you find someone who knows who you are.
Don't spend all of your time trying to FIND yourself. Spend your time CREATING yourself into person that you'll be proud of.
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly.
Don't worry about finding your soul mate. Find yourself.
Whatever it takes to find the real you, don't be daunted if the rest of the world looks on in shock.
When you fight yourself to discover the real you, there is only one winner.
Someday, somewhere anywhere, unfailingly, you'll find yourself, and that, and only that, can be the happiest or bitterest hour of your life.
long, as does every human being, to be at home wherever find myself.
Each man's life represents road toward himself.
Knowing others is intelligence knowing yourself is true wisdom. Mastering others is strength mastering yourself is true power.
First find the man in yourself if you will inspire manliness in others.
Lose yourself wholly and the more you lose, the more you will find.
You've got to know yourself so you can at last be yourself.
Be who you are, and find yourself so you can be your own person and enjoy life with no regret.
Your real self may be hiding somewhere, look for it within, when you find yourself, you can freely be what you want to be.
Find yourself first like yourself first love yourself FIRST friendship love will naturally find YOU.
Finding oneself and one's path is like waking up on foggy day. Be patient, and presently the fog will clear and that which has always been there can be seen. The path is already there to follow.
Find the love you seek, by first finding the love within yourself. Learn to rest in that place within you that is your true home.
You can always find the sun within yourself if you will only search.
If you're being ignored, that's good time to concentrate on finding yourself and creating your own mystery.
It's life's journey of finding ourselves, finding our power, and living for yourself, not for everyone else.
You really have to look inside yourself and find your own inner strength, and say, I'm proud of what am and who am, and I'm just going to be myself.
You've got to find yourself first. Everything else'll follow.
You never find yourself until you face the truth.
Sometimes when you lose your way, you find YOURSELF.
The only way to find yourself is when you start being true to everyone around you.
We lose ourselves in things we love. We find ourselves there, too.
All the wonders you seek are within yourself.
Sometimes we must lose ourselves to find ourselves.
Know thyself means this, that you get acquainted with what you know, and what you can do.
It's not about finding home so much as finding yourself.
Go find yourself first So you can also find me.
Find out who you are and do it on purpose.
Committing yourself is way of finding out who you are. man finds his identity by identifying.
One does not find oneself by pursuing one's self, but on the contrary by pursuing something else and learning through discipline or routine. who one is and wants to be.
Fire that's closest kept burns most of all.
Fire is the most tolerable third party.
Fire and gunpowder do not sleep together.
As soon go kindle fire with snow, as seek to quench the fire of love with words.
Fire is the test of gold adversity, of strong men.
Give man fire and he's warm for the day. But set fire to him and he's warm for the rest of his life.
The fire you kindle for your enemy often burns yourself more than them.
Playing with fire is bad for those who burn themselves. For the rest of us, it is very great pleasure.
Fire in the heart sends smoke into the head.
One can enjoy wood fire worthily only when he warms his thoughts by it as well as his hands and feet.
What matters most is how well you walk through the fire.
He who sits by the fire, thankless for the fire, is just as if he had no fire. Nothing is possessed save in appreciation, of which thankfulness is the indispensable ingredient.
Fire, water, and government know nothing of mercy.
The most tangible of all visible mysteries fire.
Among the notable things about fire is that it also requires oxygen to burn exactly like its enemy, life. Thereby are life and flames so often compared.
The United States is like giant boiler. Once the fire is lighted under it, there is no limit to the power it can generate.
Life is flame that is always burning itself out, but it catches fire again every time child is born.
man can be short and dumpy and getting bald but if he has fire, women will like him.
Words are only painted fire look is the fire itself.
Big fires flare up in wind, but little ones are blown out unless they are carried in under cover.
If you ever catch on fire, try to avoid seeing yourself in the mirror, because bet that's what really throws you into panic.
Fire is never gentle master.
Just as candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without spiritual life.
The fire is the main comfort of the camp, whether in summer or winter, and is about as ample at one season as at another. It is as well for cheerfulness as for warmth and dryness.
Success isn't result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire.
Where there is smoke there is fire.
When you think about flying, it's nuts really. Here you are at about 40, 000 feet, screaming along at 700 miles an hour and you're sitting there drinking Diet Pepsi and eating peanuts. It just doesn't make any sense.
Flying may not be all plain sailing, but the fun of it is worth the price.
There is no flying without wings.
Flying is hours and hours of boredom sprinkled with few seconds of sheer terror.
Sometimes, flying feels too godlike to be attained by man. Sometimes, the world from above seems too beautiful, too wonderful, too distant for human eyes to see.
The exhilaration of flying is too keen, the pleasure too great, for it to be neglected as sport.
Flying is more than sport and more than job flying is pure passion and desire, which fill lifetime.
Flying is lot like playing musical instrument you're doing so many things and thinking of so many other things, all at the same time. It becomes spiritual experience. Something wonderful happens in the pit of your stomach.
Flying has torn apart the relationship of space and time it uses our old clock but with new yardsticks.
Flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.
There is no more exciting sport than flying, for if you lose, you die.
Flying is awful, there's nothing to do when you're up in the air. bloat up, my skin gets dry, and when we hit turbulence, I'm terrified.
don't have fear of flying have fear of crashing.
Why fly Simple. I'm not happy unless there's some room between me and the ground.
think it is pity to lose the romantic side of flying and simply to accept it as common means of transport.
There are only two emotions in plane boredom and terror.
Once you have learned to fly your plane, it is far less fatiguing to fly than it is to drive car. You don't have to watch every second for cats, dogs, children, lights, road signs, ladies with baby carriages and citizens who drive out in the middle of.
You haven't seen tree until you've seen its shadow from the sky.
The higher we soar the smaller we appear to those who cannot fly.
Angels can fly because they take themselves lightly.
The good thing about flying solo is it's never boring.
It's only when you're flying above it that you realize how incredible the Earth really is.
Flying was very tangible freedom. In those days, it was beauty, adventure, discovery the epitome of breaking into new worlds.
When once you have tasted flight, you will forever walk the earth with your eyes turned skyward, for there you have been, and there you will always long to return.
There are no signposts in the sky to show man has passed that way before. There are no channels marked. The flier breaks each second into new uncharted seas.
That's the thing about flying You could talk to someone for hours and never even know his name, share your deepest secrets and then never see them again.
Flying can be easy at times, but with the wrong machine or the wrong person at the controls, it is the most difficult thing in the world.
He who would learn to fly one day must first learn to stand and walk and run and climb and dance one cannot fly into flying.
To most people the sky is the limit. To those who love flying, the sky is home.
There is no sport equal to that which aviators enjoy while being carried through the air on great white wings.
More than anything else, the sensation of flying is one of perfect peace mingled with an excitement that strains every nerve to the utmost if you can conceive of such combination.
learned the discipline of flying in order to have the freedom of flight. Discipline prevents crashes.
was sold on flying as soon as had taste for it.
Flying is done largely with the imagination.
have often said that the lure of flying is the lure of beauty. That the reasons flyers fly, whether they know it or not, is the aesthetic appeal of flying.
If you are bored flying, your standards are too low.
In flying have learned that carelessness and overconfidence are usually far more dangerous than deliberately accepted risks.
Flying is within our grasp. We have naught to do but take it.
We who fly do so for the love of flying. We are alive in the air with this miracle that lies in our hands and beneath our feet.
Flying alone Nothing gives such sense of mastery over time over mechanism, mastery indeed over space, time, and life itself, as this.
Flying fosters fantasies of childhood, of omnipotence, rapid shifts of being, miraculous moments it stirs our capacity for dreaming.
All my life, I've never been able to get enough airplanes. This will keep me flying every day.
Flying prevails whenever man and his airplane are put to test of maximum performance.
Below twenty, boys are too rash for flying. Above twenty five they are too prudent.
Flying is hypnotic and all pilots are victims to the spell. Their world is like magic island in which the factors of life and death assume their proper values. Thinking becomes clear because there are no earthly foibles or embellishments to confuse it.
Any pilot can describe the mechanics of flying. What it can do for the spirit of man is beyond description.
Flying is inherently dangerous. We like to gloss that over with clever rhetoric and comforting statistics, but these facts remain gravity is constant and powerful, and speed kills. In combination, they are particularly destructive.
fly because it releases my mind from the tyranny of petty things.
Flying without feathers is not easy my wings have no feathers.
See driving is like stabbing someone, it's very personal. While flying is like shooting someone, it's more distant.
Fridays are the hardest in some ways you're so close to freedom.
If my boss knew how unproductive am on Fridays, he wouldn't want me here either.
For most Americans, Friday afternoons are filled with positive anticipation of the weekend. In Washington, it's where government officials dump stories they want to bury.
Employers are at their happiest on Mondays. Employees are at their happiest on Fridays.
Friday is like superhero that always arrives just in time to stop me from savagely beating one of my coworkers with keyboard.
There is vast world of work out there in this country, where at least 111 million people are employed in this country alone many of whom are bored out of their minds. All day long. Not for nothing is their motto TGIF Thank God It's Friday. They live for the weekends, when they can go do what they really want to do.
Youth is like long weekend on Friday night. Middle age is like long weekend on Monday afternoon.
Make Friday day to celebrate work well done that you can be proud of knowing that you just didn't put in time to the next pay check.
If you must have motivation, think of your paycheck on Friday.
It's Friday. any plan of being productive member of society is officially thrown out the window.
Welcome to Friday. In preparation for takeoff, please ensure all negative attitudes are properly stowed. On behalf of your captain, Jack Daniels and myself, welcome aboard. expect sunshine and good attitudes today for our trip. Enjoy the ride.
always give 100 at work 13 Monday, 22 Tuesday, 26 Wednesday, 35 Thursday, Friday. Welcome back weekend.
Friday. The golden child of the weekdays. The superhero of the workweek. The welcome wagon to the weekend. The famous word we thank God for every week.
Dear Monday, want to break up. I'm seeing Tuesday and dreaming about Friday. Sincerely, It's not me, It's you.
It's always difficult to keep Fridays confined within themselves. they tend to spill over.
Things people say It's Friday Things self employed people say It's Friday.
Thursday doesn't even count as day, it's just the thing that's blocking friday.
If you're playing World of Warcraft on Friday night you put your ear up to your monitor, it sounds exactly like having no friends.
My boss yelled at me yesterday It's the fifth time you've been late to work this week Do you know what that means said, Probably that it's Friday.
I'm so sad it's Friday. wish it was Monday already said No one in history, ever.
know every day is gift, but where's the receipt for Mondays want to exchange it for another Friday.
Waiting for the fish to bite or waiting for wind to fly kite. Or waiting around for Friday night or waiting perhaps for their Uncle Jake or pot to boil or better break or string of pearls or pair of pants or wig with curls or another chance. Everyone is just waiting.
Your hair may be brushed, but your mind's untidy. You've had about seven hours of sleep since Friday. No wonder you feel that lost sensation. You're sunk from riot of relaxation.
Why is Monday so far away from Friday but Friday is so close to Monday.
Friendship is the hardest thing in the world to explain. It's not something you learn in school. But if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven't learned anything.
Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is slow ripening fruit.
Hold true friend with both your hands.
real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out.
The wise man learns more from his enemies than the fool does from his friends.
Misfortune tests the sincerity of friends.
The most beautiful discovery true friends make is that they can grow separately without growing apart.
Sometimes being friend means mastering the art of timing. There is time for silence. time to let go and allow people to hurl themselves into their own destiny. And time to prepare to pick up the pieces when it's all over.
Who is mighty He who makes an enemy into friend.
One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood.
Keep your friendships in repair.
Friendship is always sweet responsibility, never an opportunity.
We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone.
Friendship is the only cement that will ever hold the world together.
Each friend represents world in us, world possibly not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that new world is born.
Friendship marks life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing.
Most of us don't need psychiatric therapist as much as friend to be silly with.
The language of friendship is not words but meanings.
To have few amazing friends on this side of eternity, this sometimes grotesque amusement park, is the greatest joy.
loyal friend laughs at your jokes when they're not so good, and sympathizes with your problems when they're not so bad.
would rather walk with friend in the dark, than alone in the light.
Friends are God's way of taking care of us.
true friend is the best Possession.
Friendship increases by visiting friends but visiting seldom.
Friendship is one mind in two bodies.
Keep your friends close, your enemies even closer.
Make friend when you don't need one.
No better relation than prudent and faithful friend.
One enemy is too many and hundred friends too few.
Little friends may prove great friends.
Strangers are just friends waiting to happen.
The best mirror is an old friend.
The road to friend's house is never long.
The wolf and the dog agree, at the expense of the goat which together they eat.
When eat your bread, sing your song.
You never really know your friends from your enemies until the ice breaks.
There is nothing on this earth more to be prized than true friendship.
friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself.
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness.
Friendship is born at that moment when one man says to another What You too thought that no one but myself.
Don't walk behind me may not lead. Don't walk in front of me may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend.
friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.
Life is an awful, ugly place to not have best friend.
It's the friends you can call up at that matter.
Friendship isn't big thing it's million little things.
In everyone's life, at some time, our inner fire goes out. It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being. We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.
Friendship is like money, easier made than kept.
There are some people in life that make you laugh little louder, smile little bigger, and live just little bit better.
Good friends help you find important things when you have lost them. Your smile, you hope, and your courage.
True friendship comes when the silence between two people is comfortable.
Friendship consists in forgetting what one gives and remembering what one receives.
don't need friend who changes when change and who nods when nod my shadow does that much better.
The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for.
To find friend one must close one eye. To keep him close two.
Friends are God apology for relations.
It may be more difficult to make new friends as you get older but it is some consolation to know how easy it is to lose them when you are young.
Thank you for being friend Traveled down road and back again Your heart is true, you're pal and confidant.
What would you think if sang out of tune Would you stand up and walk out on me Lend me your ears and I'll sing you song And I'll try not to sing out of key Oh, get by with little help from my friends.
For good times and bad times I'll be on your side forever more That's what friends are for.
Two sturdy oaks mean, which side by side, Withstand the winter's storm, And spite of wind and tide, Grow up the meadow's pride, For both are strong Above they barely touch, but undermined Down to their deepest source, Admiring you shall find Their roots are intertwined Insep'rably.
was angry with my friend told my wrath, my wrath did end. was angry with my foe told it not, my wrath did grow.
It not that diamonds are girl best friend, but it your best friends who are your diamonds.
There is nothing would not do for those who are really my friends. have no notion of loving people by halves, it is not my nature.
What is friend single soul dwelling in two bodies.
friend is one who overlooks your broken fence and admires the flowers in the garden.
If you're always battling against getting older, you're always going to be unhappy, because it will happen anyhow.
As you get older threee things happen. The first is your memory goes, and the can't remember the other two.
There is absolutely nothing to be said in favor of growing old. There ought to be legislation against it.
As we grow older, our bodies get shorter and our anecdotes longer.
man is getting old when he walks around puddle instead of through it.
don't believe one grows older. think that what happens early on in life is that at certain age one stands still and stagnates.
The great thing about getting older is that you don't lose all the other ages you've been.
You can't help getting older, but you don't have to get old.
Do not regret growing older. It is privilege denied to many.
We turn not older with years, but newer every day.
As we grow older, our capacity for enjoyment shrinks, but not our appetite for it.
The older you get the stronger the wind gets and it's always in your face.
As man grows older it is harder and harder to frighten him.
My mother always used to say, The older you get, the better you get, unless you're banana.
The older grow the more distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom.
Some folks as they grow older grow wise but most folks simply grow stubborner.
There are compensations for growing older. One is the realization that to be sporting isn't at all necessary. It is great relief to reach this stage of wisdom.
As we grow older, we must discipline ourselves to continue expanding, broadening, learning, keeping out minds active and open.
As we grow older we grow both more foolish and wiser at the same time.
have found it to be true that the older I've become the better my life has become.
You know you're getting old when you can pinch an inch on your forehead.
I'm kind of comfortable with getting older because it's better than the other option, which is being dead. So I'll take getting older.
As you get older, you're always maturing, you're always learning something new about yourself.
Everything changes as you get older your mind, your body, the way you view the world.
The older get, the more open minded get, the less judgmental get.
Aging is not lost youth but new stage of opportunity and strength.
As get older, realize that the thing value the most is good heartedness.
And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.
Growing old is no more than bad habit which busy man has no time to form.
The great thing about getting older is that you become more mellow. Things aren't as black and white, and you become much more tolerant. You can see the good in things much more easily rather than getting enraged as you used to do when you were young.
actually think there's an incredible amount of self knowledge that comes with getting older.
highly recommend getting older There's less tendency to people please.
The good thing about getting older is that, as you become less attractive, so you have less desire to go out and conquer everyone you see.
The more you are getting older, you lose little something. Of course there is another advantage, because of your long experience you can use it.
Part of getting older is realizing that you can integrate all these different areas of your life, rather than the adolescent mindset, which for me lasted long time, which says, It's all or nothing.
One of the pluses of getting older is you set some limits.
Getting older is fine. There is nothing you can do to stop it so you might as well stay on the bus.
You can't help getting older, but you can help yourself from becoming old and infirm, in mind as well as body.
It's no fun getting older. might be wearing beautiful diamond earrings, but they can't take away the pain of losing my hearing.
You know you're getting older when the candles cost more than the cake.
Getting older is like riding bicycle, if you don't keep peddling, you'll fall.
Getting old is fascination thing. The older you get, the older you want to get.
We don't grow older, we grow riper.
One of the good things about getting older is you find you're more interesting than most of the people you meet.
Growing older is not upsetting being perceived as old is.
As you get older, you look at things differently.
You don't get older, you get better.
As you grow older, you learn to understand life little better.
The fun thing about getting older is finding younger people to mentor.
Everyone thinks you make mistakes when you're young. But don't think we make any fewer when we're grown up.
Doing all the little tricky things it takes to grow up, step by step, into an anxious and unsettling world.
Don't try to make children grow up to be like you, or they may do it.
Even though you're growing up, you should never stop having fun.
For, after all, you do grow up, you do outgrow your ideals, which turn to dust and ashes, which are shattered into fragments and if you have no other life, you just have to build one up out of these fragments.
Growing old is mandatory. Growing up is optional.
Growing up happens in heartbeat. One day you're in diapers the next day you're gone. But the memories of childhood stay with you for the long haul.
Growing up happens when you start having things you look back on and wish you could change.
Growing up is hard, love. Otherwise everyone would do it.
Growing up is losing some illusions, in order to acquire others.
Growing up is never easy. You hold on to things that were. You wonder what's to come. But that night, think we knew it was time to let go of what had been, and look ahead to what would be. Other days. New days. Days to come. The thing is, we didn't have to hate each other for getting older. We just had to forgive ourselves. for growing up.
Growing up is never straight forward. There are moments when everything is fine, and other moments where you realize that there are certain memories that you'll never get back, and certain people that are going to change, and the hardest part is knowing that there's nothing you can do except watch them.
Growing up is such barbarous business, full of inconvenience and pimples.
am convinced that most people do not grow up. We marry and dare to have children and call that growing up. think what we do is mostly grow old. We carry accumulation of years in our bodies, and on our faces, but generally our real selves, the children inside, are innocent and shy as magnolias.
think she is growing up, and so begins to dream dreams, and have hopes and fears and fidgets, without knowing why or being able to explain them.
think, as you're growing up, your emotions are just as deep as they are when you're an adult. You're ability to feel lonely, longing, confused or angry are just as deep. We don't feel things more as we get older.
would have given anything to keep her little. They outgrow us so much faster than we outgrow them.
If growing up is the process of creating ideas and dreams about what life should be, then maturity is letting go again.
If growing up means it would be beneath my dignity to climb tree, I'll never grow up, never grow up, never grow up Not me.
If you're gonna screw up, do it while you're young. Older you get, the harder it is to bounce back.
In this day and age, some turn 18 and think they're man or woman and that's it, but that's just not true. You have to establish your manhood or your womanhood with actions.
It happens to everyone as they grow up. You find out who you are and what you want, and then you realize that people you've known forever don't see things the way you do. So you keep the wonderful memories, but find yourself moving on.
Most of us won't see one another after graduation, and even if we do it will be different. We'll be different. We'll be adults cured, tagged and labeled and paired and identified and placed neatly on our life path, perfectly round marbles set to roll down even, well defined slopes.
One of the oddest things about being grown up was looking back at something you thought you knew and finding out the truth of it was completely different from what you had always believed.
Part of growing up is realizing you learn to love so many people. It's about forming those relationships and finding what will last forever.
Part of growing up was learning not to be quite that honest learning when it was better to lie, rather than to hurt someone with the truth.
Some day you will be old enough to start reading fairy tales again.
Sometimes we're so concerned about giving our children what we never had growing up, we neglect to give them what we did have growing up.
Sometimes you have to grow up before you appreciate how you grew up.
The turning point in the process of growing up is when you discover the core of strength within you that survives all hurt.
Too many people grow up. That's the real trouble with the world, too many people grow up. They forget. They don't remember what it's like to be 12 years old. They patronize, they treat children as inferiors. Well won't do that.
Until you're grown up they send you to reform school. After you're grown up they send you to the penitentiary.
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
Part of growing up is just taking what you learn from that and moving on and not taking it to heart.
The trick is growing up without growing old.
We had so many dreams as children. Where do they go when we grow Are they swallowed up by the mundane things of everyday life Or do we lose them, leave them behind us in the dust, for new children to find and take up.
You know your children are growing up when they stop asking you where they came from and refuse to tell you where they're going.
This is growing up, having to stomp out love, this is how people turn terrible.
had lot of growing up to do. lot of times, learned the hard way.
We grow neither better nor worse as we get old, but more like ourselves.
know that in my past was young and irresponsible but that's what growing up is. You learn from your mistakes.
No matter where you are or where you grow up, you always go through the same awkward moments of being teenager and growing up and trying to figure out who you are.
You grow up the day you have your first real laugh at yourself.
Everything was afraid of when was growing up, I've become. I've taken on my nightmares, like the devil and the end of the world, and I've become those things.
It is easy to hate and it is difficult to love. This is how the whole scheme of things works. All good things are difficult to achieve and bad things are very easy to get.
From the deepest desires often come the deadliest hate.
Hating people is like burning down your own house to get rid of rat.
Throughout life people will make you mad, disrespect you and treat you bad. Let God deal with the things they do, cause hate in your heart will consume you too.
Success makes so many people hate you. wish it wasn't that way. It would be wonderful to enjoy success without seeing envy in the eyes of those around you.
Hate must make man productive. Otherwise one might as well love.
All men kill the thing they hate, too, unless, of course, it kills them first.
Hate cages all the good things about you.
The price of hating other human beings is loving oneself less.
Hate is like water in dry gulch. The longer it runs, the deeper it digs.
Hate destroys the very structure of the personality of the hater. when you start hating anybody, it destroys the very center of your creative response to life and the universe so love everybody.
We hate some persons because we do not know them and will not know them because we hate them.
If you hate person, you hate something in him that is part of yourself. What isn't part of ourselves doesn't disturb us.
imagine one of the reasons people cling to their hates so stubbornly is because they sense, once hate is gone, they will be forced to deal with pain.
think that hate is thing, feeling, that can only exist where there is no understanding.
have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great burden to bear.
No one is born hating another person because of the colour of his skin, or his background, or his religion. People must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love, for love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite.
That feelings of love and hate make rational judgments impossible in public affairs, as in private affairs, we can clearly enough see in others, though not so clearly in ourselves.
Hate is like swordfish, working through water invisibly and then you see it coming with blood along its blade, but transparency disarms it.
Life appears to me too short to be spent in nursing animosity or registering wrongs.
Hatred is cold fire, and it gives no warmth.
Blunted unto goodness is the heart which anger never stirreth, but that which hatred swelleth, is keen to carve out evil.
The worst enemy is one whose doctrines are founded in hate and are thus beyond debate.
Hatred is like fire it makes even light rubbish deadly.
It is easier to hate those we love, than love those whom we have hated.
Hate is the consequence of fear we fear something before we hate child who fears noises becomes the man who hates them.
We have just enough religion to make us hate, but not enough to make us love one another.
You never really hate anyone as much as someone you cared about once.
Hate is bottomless cup will pour and pour.
Others may hate you. But those who hate you don't win, unless you hate them. And then, you destroy yourself.
Dislike what deserves it, but never hate for that is of the nature of malice which is almost ever to persons, not things, and is one of the blackest qualities sin begets in the soul.
Hate always sells well, but for repeat trade and the long pull happiness is sounder merchandise.
Those who hate most fervently must have once loved deeply those who want to deny the world must have once embraced what they now set on fire.
Hate is always clash between our spirit and someone else's body.
Hate is lack of imagination.
Hatreds are the cinders of affection.
Hate is not good counselor.
Hatred is the atmosphere of hell.
Hate misleads, fear distorts and love blinds.
Hatred unlocks no doors in heaven.
Now hatred is by far the longest pleasure Men love in haste, but they detest at leisure.
Hatred makes us all ugly.
When we don't know who to hate, we hate ourselves.
You lose lot of time, hating people.
Hate brings to men wars and fear.
Hatred is one long wait.
Hatred is self punishment.
Hate less, live longer.
Hatred bounces.
It is not violence that best overcomes hate nor vengeance that most certainly heals injury.
Love me or hate me, both are in my favour. If you love me, ll always be in your heart. If you hate me, ll always be in your mind.
If you have been hated, you have also been loved.
Love those that hate you, but to love those one hates is impossible.
If you want to forget something or someone, never hate it, or never hate him her. Everything and everyone that you hate is engraved upon your heart if you want to let go of something, if you want to forget, you cannot hate.
merry heart doeth good like medicine, but broken spirit drieth the bones.
Better ten times ill than one time dead.
Before healing others, heal yourself.
man with cough cannot conceal himself.
When the heart is at ease, the body is healthy.
Sometimes the remedy is worse than the disease.
man's health can be judged by which he takes two at time pills or stairs.
The foundation of success in life is good health that is the substratum fortune it is also the basis of happiness. person cannot accumulate fortune very well when he is sick.
To keep the body in good health is duty. otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.
Good health is not something we can buy. However, it can be an extremely valuable savings account.
Good health and good sense are two of life's greatest blessings.
The trouble with always trying to preserve the health of the body is that it is so difficult to do without destroying the health of the mind.
Happiness is nothing more than good health and bad memory.
Be careful about reading health books. You may die of misprint.
If you have health, you probably will be happy, and if you have health and happiness, you have all the wealth you need, even if it is not all you want.
Ill health of body or of mind, is defeat. Health alone is victory. Let all men, if they can manage it, contrive to be healthy.
The ingredients of health and long life, are great temperance, open air, easy labor, and little care.
wise man should consider that health is the greatest of human blessings, and learn how by his own thought to derive benefit from his illnesses.
If you don't do what's best for your body, you're the one who comes up on the short end.
Health is the greatest of all possessions pale cobbler is better than sick king.
The higher your energy level, the more efficient your body. The more efficient your body, the better you feel and the more you will use your talent to produce outstanding results.
man too busy to take care of his health is like mechanic too busy to take care of his tools.
To become thoroughly good man is the best prescription for keeping sound mind and sound body.
Many people treat their bodies as if they were rented from Hertz something they are using to get around in but nothing they genuinely care about understanding.
The healthy, the strong individual, is the one who asks for help when he needs it. Whether he has an abscess on his knee or in his soul.
good laugh and long sleep are the best cures in the doctor's book.
Adapt the remedy to the disease.
After dinner rest while after supper walk mile.
An ounce of prevention is worth pound of cure.
Eat to live, not live to eat.
Feed cold and starve fever.
If you would live long, open your heart.
One day in perfect health is much.
When one is hungry, everything tastes good.
Calm mind brings inner strength and self confidence, so that's very important for good health.
All the money in the world can't buy you back good health.
To enjoy the glow of good health, you must exercise.
fit, healthy body that is the best fashion statement.
There's lots of people in this world who spend so much time watching their health that they haven't the time to enjoy it.
The greatest wealth is health.
To insure good health Eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness, and maintain an interest in life.
The human body has been designed to resist an infinite number of changes and attacks brought about by its environment. The secret of good health lies in successful adjustment to changing stresses on the body.
As see it, every day you do one of two things build health or produce disease in yourself.
Health is not valued till sickness comes.
Health is not simply the absence of sickness.
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live.
If you need medical advice, let these three things be your physicians cheerful mind, relaxation from business, and moderate diet.
The preservation of health is duty. Few seem conscious that there is such thing as physical morality.
Prevention is better than cure.
People who laugh actually live longer than those who don't laugh. Few persons realize that health actually varies according to the amount of laughter.
He who takes medicine and neglects to diet wastes the skill of his doctors.
The groundwork for all happiness is good health.
Heaven will be the perfection we've always longed for. All the things that made Earth unlovely and tragic will be absent in heaven.
would not give one moment of heaven for all the joy and riches of the world, even if it lasted for thousands and thousands of years.
For the Christian, heaven is where Jesus is. We do not need to speculate on what heaven will be like. It is enough to know that we will be forever with Him.
There are no crown wearers in heaven who were not cross bearers here below.
The way you store up treasure in heaven is by investing in getting people there.
To go to heaven, fully to enjoy God, is infinitely better than the most pleasant accommodations here.
The way to Heaven is ascending we must be content to travel uphill, though it be hard and tiresome, and contrary to the natural bias of our flesh.
Earth has no sorrow that Heaven cannot heal.
Heaven means to be one with God.
My home is heaven. I'm just traveling through this world.
Heaven doesn't make this life less important it makes it more important.
Heaven is wonderful place and the benefits for the believer are out of this world.
Heaven is permanent residence place where we unpack our bags and stay forever. What glorious thought to wake up in Heaven and realize it is home.
The whole point of Heaven is to relieve us of the suffering, pain, death and tears brought into the world by the evil of humanity. That is why God says that in Heaven there will be no more sorrow, pain, death or crying.
Thinking about Heaven can inspire and encourage us to be more heavenly minded and realize that Heaven is real place where we're really going to live.
The propitious smiles of Heaven can never be expected on nation that disregards the eternal rules of order and right, which Heaven itself has ordained.
Ascensions into heaven are like falling leaves sad and happy all at the same time Going away isn't really sad especially when your going enables new kind of presence to be born.
Entrance into Heaven is not at the hour of death, but at the moment of conversion.
You must receive something of heaven into the soul, before the soul can be received into heaven.
Heaven lent you soul Earth will lend grave.
He whose head is in heaven need not fear to put his feet into the grave.
We cannot even begin to imagine how wonderful heaven is.
Heaven is not figment of imagination. It is not feeling or an emotion. It is not the Beautiful Isle of Somewhere. It is prepared place for prepared people.
Let heaven fill your thoughts instead. Because when you do, everything on earth gets placed in its proper perspective.
We need to be homesick for heaven. Though we have never been there, we still have something God has built within us that gives us certain homesickness, desire to be there.
There is only one way to be certain that you are on your way to Heaven and that is through faith in Jesus.
Heaven has road, but no one travels it Hell has no gate but men will dig to get there.
The love of heaven makes one heavenly.
Better limp all the way to heaven than not get there at all.
Heaven wheels above you, displaying to you her eternal glories, and still your eyes are on the ground.
Heaven is beautiful place to be, full of beautiful people having beautiful time.
The more of Heaven we cherish, the less of Earth we covet.
Heaven offers nothing that mercenary soul can desire.
would rather go to heaven alone than go to hell in company.
Heaven hath many tongues to talk of it, more eyes to behold it, but few hearts that rightly affect it.
There is no man that goeth to heaven but he must go by the cross. The cross is the standing way mark which all they that go to glory must pass by.
Let your hope of heaven master your fear of death.
Heav'n but the Vision of fulfill'd Desire, And Hell the Shadow from Soul on fire.
We talk about heaven being so far away. It is within speaking distance to those who belong there. Heaven is prepared place for prepared people.
Surely heaven must have something of the color and shape of whatever village or hill or cottage of which the believer says, This is my own.
Heaven the treasury of everlasting life.
The key to heaven's gate cannot be duplicated.
There are but two places where all go after death, white and black, rich and poor those places are Heaven and Hell. Heaven is place made for those, who are born again, and who love God, and it is place where they will be happy for ever.
Aim at heaven and you will get earth thrown in. Aim at earth and you get neither.
The first step toward heaven, is to see ourselves near hell.
How sweet is rest after fatigue How sweet will heaven be when our journey is ended.
If you insist on keeping hell, or even earth you will never see heaven. If you accept heaven you will not be able to retain even the smallest and most intimate souvenirs of Hell.
We are as near to heaven as we are far from self, and far from the love of sinful world.
Heaven is family gathering of believers from every tribe and nation, but it is also our Father's house and in that house He is preparing room just for you. When you arrive in heaven and Jesus opens the door, you'll know you're home. For the Christian.
The most thrilling thing about heaven is that Jesus Christ will be there. will see Him face to face. Jesus Christ will meet us at the end of life's journey.
clear conscience is more valuable than wealth.
fair exchange is no robbery.
friend's eye is good mirror.
loan though old is not gift.
man who never made mistake, never made anything.
An apple day keeps the doctor away.
Avoid dishonest gain no price can recompence the pangs of vice.
Caesar's wife must be above suspicion.
Dally not with other folk's spouses or money.
Don't pretend to be something you aren't.
Don't take any wooden nickels.
Following the path of least resistence is what makes both men and rivers crooked.
From the fullness of the heart, the mouth speaks.
Half the truth is often whole lie.
He that first cries out stop thief is often he that has stolen the treasure.
He that steals an egg will steal an ox.
Honesty is the best policy.
It is better to suffer for truth than to prosper by falsehood.
Keep conscience clear, then never fear.
Keep thy shop and thy shop will keep thee.
Let's get things straight.
Making money selling manure is better than losing money selling musk.
No legacy is as rich as honesty.
Pay what you owe and what you're worth you'll know.
Possession is nine tenths of the law.
The best thing about telling the truth is. you don't have to remember what you said.
The contented person can never be ruined.
The sting of reproach is the truth of it.
When thief kisses you, count your teeth.
You can fool people some of the time, but you can't fool them all of the time.
Hope is good breakfast but bad supper.
drowning man will clutch at straw.
However long the night, the dawn will break.
If it were not for hope, the heart would break.
Keep your eyes on the sun and you will not see the shadows.
Hope is being able to see that there is light despite all of the darkness.
When you have lost hope, you have lost everything. And when you think all is lost, when all is dire and bleak, there is always hope.
Hope is important because it can make the present moment less difficult to bear. If we believe that tomorrow will be better, we can bear hardship today.
We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope.
Hope can be powerful force. Maybe there's no actual magic in it, but when you know what you hope for most and hold it like light within you, you can make things happen, almost like magic.
Hope is like the sun, which, as we journey toward it, casts the shadow of our burden behind us.
Keep your best wishes, close to your heart and watch what happens.
Walk on with hope in your heart, and you'll never walk alone.
When you're at the end of your rope, tie knot and hold on.
Hope itself is like star not to be seen in the sunshine of prosperity, and only to be discovered in the night of adversity.
What oxygen is to the lungs, such is hope to the meaning of life.
Hope is beautiful thing. It gives us peace and strength, and keeps us going when all seems lost. Accepting what you cannot change doesn't mean you have given up on hope. It just means you have to focus your hope on more humanly tangible and attainable goals.
Hope is renewable option If you run out of it at the end of the day, you get to start over in the morning.
Hope is the thing with feathers that perches in the soul and sings the tune without the words and never stops at all.
Hope is not the conviction that something will turn out well but the certainty that something makes sense, regardless of how it turns out.
Hope is the only universal liar who never loses his reputation for veracity.
Hope is some extraordinary spiritual grace that God gives us to control our fears, not to oust them.
Hope is one of the principal springs that keep mankind in motion.
Hope is medicine for soul that's sick and tired.
There is no medicine like hope, no incentive so great, and no tonic so powerful as expectation of something tomorrow.
Hope is like road in the country there was never road, but when many people walk on it, the road comes into existence.
Hope is the companion of power, and mother of success for who so hopes strongly has within him the gift of miracles.
Of all ills that one endures, hope is cheap and universal cure.
Hope is sweet minded and sweet eyed. It draws pictures it weaves fancies it fills the future with delight.
Hope is tenacious. It goes on living and working when science has dealt it what should be its deathblow.
Hope begins in the dark, the stubborn hope that if you just show up and try to do the right thing, the dawn will come.
Strange as it may seem, still hope for the best, even though the best, like an interesting piece of mail, so rarely arrives, and even when it does it can be lost so easily.
It's really wonder that haven't dropped all my ideals, because they seem so absurd and impossible to carry out. Yet keep them, because in spite of everything, still believe that people are really good at heart.
The very least you can do in your life is figure out what you hope for. And the most you can do is live inside that hope. Not admire it from distance but live right in it, under its roof.
Every cloud has silver lining.
Every jack has his jill if only they can find each other.
Every pot will find its lid.
Hope for the best and prepare for the worst.
Hope springs eternal.
The darkest hours are just before dawn.
Where there's life, there's hope.
Let your hopes, not your hurts, shape your future.
Only in the darkness can you see the stars.
Never give up. Expect only the best from life and take action to get it.
Hope is outreaching desire with expectancy of good. It is characteristic of all living beings.
As long as we have hope, we have direction, the energy to move, and the map to move by.
Once you choose hope, anything's possible.
You've gotta have hope. Without hope life is meaningless. Without hope life is meaning less and less.
Hope is passion for what is possible.
We always kept in our hearts the most noble, beautiful feeling that sets human beings apart hope.
There is some good in this world, and it's worth fighting for.
Hope is good breakfast, but it is bad supper.
Maybe everyone can live beyond what they re capable of.
There is nothing more frightful than ignorance in action.
Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge it is those who know little, not those who know much, who so positively assert that this or that problem will never be solved by science.
Ignorance deprives people of freedom because they do not know what alternatives there are. It is impossible to choose to do what one has never heard of.
Beware of false knowledge it is more dangerous than ignorance.
Ignorance is always afraid of change.
To remove ignorance is an important branch of benevolence.
Ignorance, the root and stem of all evil.
If ignorance is bliss, there should be more happy people.
The only victories which leave no regret are those which are gained over ignorance.
Better be ignorant of matter than half know it.
am not ashamed to confess am ignorant of what do not know.
Where ignorance is our master, there is no possibility of real peace.
The highest form of ignorance is when you reject something you don't know anything about.
Being ignorant is not so much shame as being unwilling to learn.
Ignorance breeds monsters to fill up the vacancies of the soul that are unoccupied by the verities of knowledge.
Ignorance is preferable to error and he is less remote from the truth who believes nothing, than he who believes what is wrong.
Most ignorance is evincible ignorance. We don't know because we don't want to know.
Ignorance is like delicate fruit touch it, and the bloom is gone.
Ignorance is never out of style. It was in fashion yesterday, it is the rage today and it will set the pace tomorrow.
Ignorance is not innocence, but sin.
Ignorance is the night of the mind, but night without moon or star.
Ignorance speaks loudly, so as to be heard but its volume proves reason to doubt every word.
The recipe for perpetual ignorance is Be satisfied with your opinions and content with your knowledge.
Ignorance is the dominion of absurdity.
The truest characters of ignorance Are vanity, and pride, and annoyance.
Ignorance is never better than knowledge.
Ignorance never settles question.
Everybody is ignorant, only on different subjects.
Go within every day and find the inner strength so that the world will not blow your candle out.
Nothing can dim the light which shines from within.
Life is not easy for any of us. But what of that We must have perseverance and, above all, confidence in ourselves. We must believe that we are gifted for something, and that this thing, at whatever cost, must be attained.
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
You gain strength, courage and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face You must do the thing you think you cannot do.
If they hadn't told me was ugly, never would have searched for my beauty. And if they hadn't tried to break me down, wouldn't know that I'm unbreakable.
Life has many ways of testing person's will, either by having nothing happen at all or by having everything happen all at once.
The world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places.
With everything that has happened to you, you can either feel sorry for yourself or treat what has happened as gift. Everything is either an opportunity to grow or an obstacle to keep you from growing. You get to choose.
Believe in yourself Have faith in your abilities Without humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the judgement that something else is more important than fear.
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare it is because we do not dare that they are difficult.
If you have the courage to begin, you have the courage to succeed.
You've got to follow your passion. You've got to figure out what it is you love who you really are. And have the courage to do that. believe that the only courage anybody ever needs is the courage to follow your own dream.
Far better is it to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs, even though checkered by failure. than to rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy much nor suffer much, because they live in gray twilight that knows not victory nor defeat.
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.
Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
As we advance in life it becomes more and more difficult, but in fighting the difficulties the inmost strength of the heart is developed.
Everyone should carefully observe which way his heart draws him, and then choose that way with all his strength.
He knows not his own strength that hath not met adversity.
Live in terms of your strong points. Magnify them. Let your weaknesses shrivel up and die from lack of nourishment.
Life is not about waiting for the storms to pass. It's about learning how to dance in the rain.
was always looking outside myself for strength and confidence but it comes from within. It is there all the time.
One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar.
You have power over your mind not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.
Physical strength is measured by what we carry. Inner strength is measured by what we can bear.
Every great dream begins with dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.
Spirit has fifty times the strength and staying power of brawn and muscle.
In solitude the mind gains strength and learns to lean upon itself.
At times, our strengths propel us so far forward we can no longer endure our weaknesses and perish from them.
will love the light for it shows me the way, yet will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.
Character is higher than intellect. great soul will be strong to live as well as think.
The strong man is the one who is able to intercept at will the communication between the senses and the mind.
He who conquers others is strong He who conquers himself is mighty.
In the depth of winter, finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer.
Confront the dark parts of yourself, and work to banish them with illumination and forgiveness. Your willingness to wrestle with your demons will cause your angels to sing.
Courage isn't having the strength to go on it is going on when you don't have strength.
There is saying in Tibetan, Tragedy should be utilized as source of strength. No matter what sort of difficulties, how painful experience is, if we lose our hope, that's our real disaster.
An attitude of positive expectation is the mark of the superior personality.
Today is new beginning, chance to turn your failures into achievements your sorrows into so goods. No room for excuses.
The test of courage comes when we are in the minority. The test of tolerance comes when we are in the majority.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
We acquire the strength we have overcome.
Life must be lived and curiosity kept alive. One must never, for whatever reason, turn his back on life.
There is power in people who dream big and who try hard.
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
If opportunity doesn't knock, build door.
woman is like tea bag you can't tell how strong she is until you put her in hot water.
Nobody can hurt me without my permission.
Insomnia is vertiginous lucidity that can convert paradise itself into place of torture.
The best cure for insomnia is to get lot of sleep.
In its early stages, insomnia is almost an oasis in which those who have to think or suffer darkly take refuge.
Insomnia is gross feeder. It will nourish itself on any kind of thinking, including thinking about not thinking.
The night is the hardest time to be alive and 4am knows all my secrets.
The last refuge of the insomniac is sense of superiority to the sleeping world.
Sleep is such luxury, which cant afford.
It is special kind of homelessness to be evicted from your dreams.
Insomnia contagious disease often transmitted from babies to parents.
If you can't sleep, then get up and do something instead of lying there worrying. It's the worry that gets you, not the lack of sleep.
It is common experience that problem difficult at night is resolved in the morning after the committee of sleep has worked on it.
ruffled mind makes restless pillow.
Insomnia is my greatest inspiration.
Insomnia is an indication, not chaos. Its like ache. Youre not going to provide patient ache medicine without figuring out whats reasoning the pain.
Not being able to sleep is terrible. You have the misery of having partied all night Without the satisfaction.
Sleeplessness is desert without vegetation or inhabitants.
little insomnia is not without its value in making us appreciate sleep, in throwing ray of light upon that darkness.
When you have insomnia, you're never really asleep, and you're never really awake.
The worst thing in the world is to try to sleep and not to.
Sleep deprivation is physically miserable and creatively cathartic, as internal landscapes rise up from their dormant ashes.
The pattern of insomnia in children reflects difficulty in getting to sleep, whereas with adults it's problem staying asleep.
The scary thing about having insomnia is not the hours lost for sleeping but the re run of thoughts you've been trying to forget.
Insomnia is an increasing problem. Ive become swayed that sleep disorders are conceivably the most unnoticed, ignored, underrated reason of health as well as performance problems in the place of work.
It appears that every mans insomnia is as different from his neighbours as are their daytime hopes and aspirations.
That's the advantage of insomnia. People who go to be early always complain that the night is too short, but for those of us who stay up all night, it can feel as long as lifetime. You get lot done.
His insomnia was so bad, he couldn't sleep during office hours.
want to sleep but my brain won't stop talking to itself.
Sometimes sit up late with my thoughts, reluctant to fall asleep and leave my thoughts alone by themselves.
hate it when my foot falls asleep during the day, because that means it's going to be up all night.
Physical activity within four hours of bedtime and illness can also cause this type of insomnia.
Integrity without knowledge is weak and useless, and knowledge without integrity is dangerous and dreadful.
Real integrity is doing the right thing, knowing that nobody's going to know whether you did it or not.
Integrity is telling myself the truth. And honesty is telling the truth to other people.
person is not given integrity. It results from the relentless pursuit of honesty at all times.
Nothing more completely baffles one who is full of tricks and duplicity than straight forward and simple integrity in another.
Integrity is not something that you should have to think about. nor consider doing. but something in the heart that is already done.
If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything.
You have the right to remain silent, but you can never repeat, never lie or shade the truth.
You are already of consequence in the world if you are known as man of strict integrity.
Keep true, never be ashamed of doing right, decide on what you think is right and stick to it.
Men acquire particular quality by constantly acting in particular way.
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test man's character, give him power.
He is not wise to me who is wise in words only, but he who is wise in deeds.
Power is actualized only when word and deed have not parted company.
We should often feel ashamed of our best actions if the world could see all the motives which produced them.
The true perfection of man lies not in what man has, but in what man is.
Integrity is so perishable in the summer months of success.
Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with important matters.
Perhaps the surest test of an individual's integrity is his refusal to do or say anything that would damage his self respect.
Your reputation and integrity are everything. Follow through on what you say you're going to do. Your credibility can only be built over time, and it is built from the history of your words and actions.
Character is what you are in the dark.
To know what is right and not do it is the worst cowardice.
To thine own self be true, and it must follow, as the night the day, thou canst not then be false to any man.
The integrity of men is to be measured by their conduct, not by their professions.
Once you get rid of integrity the rest is piece of cake.
Character is doing the right thing when nobody's looking. There are too many people who think that the only thing that's right is to get by and the only thing that's wrong is to get caught.
In silence man can most readily preserve his integrity.
Integrity is not 90 percent thing, not 95 percent thing either you have it or you don't.
Integrity is the essence of everything successful.
The slow man with integrity will ultimately catch the swift one who has none.
Integrity is the essence of everything successful.
The slow man with integrity will ultimately catch the swift one who has none.
If you believe in unlimited quality and act in all your business dealings with total integrity, the rest will take care of itself.
Integrity is what we do, what we say, and what we say we do.
If you don't have integrity, you have nothing. You can't buy it.
life lived with integrity even if it lacks the trappings of fame and fortune is shining star in whose light others may follow in the years to come.
Integrity is not conditional word. It doesn't blow in the wind or change with the weather. It is your inner image of yourself, and if you look in there and see man who won't cheat, then you know he never will.
Integrity is the first step to true greatness.
man should be upright, not be kept upright.
In great matters men show themselves as they wish to be seen in small matters, as they are.
Integrity has no need of rules.
Integrity is not something that you should have to think about. nor consider doing. but something in the heart that is already done.
There is always room for those who can be relied upon to delivery the goods when they say they will.
There is no better test of man's integrity than his behavior when he is wrong.
People who fight fire with fire end up with only the ashes of their own integrity.
There can be no happiness if the things we believe in are different from the things we do.
The only correct actions are those that demand no explanation and no apology.
Courage combined with integrity is the foundation of character.
That you may retain your self respect, it is better to displease the people by doing what you know is right, than to temporarily please them by doing what you know is wrong.
Never for the sake of peace and quiet deny your own experience or convictions.
Jealousy in romance is like salt in food. little can enhance the savor, but too much can spoil the pleasure and, under certain circumstances, can be life threatening.
Jealousy is disease, love is healthy condition. The immature mind often mistakes one for the other, or assumes that the greater the love, the greater the jealousy in fact, they are almost incompatible one emotion hardly leaves room for the other.
Jealousy, that dragon which slays love under the pretence of keeping it alive.
The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents.
You can only be jealous of someone who has something you think you ought to have yourself.
What sort of love is permeated by jealousy You are jealous because you are unaware that everything you need is inside you.
The jealous are troublesome to others, but torment to themselves.
I've spent most of my life walking under that hovering cloud, jealousy, whose acid raindrops blurred my vision and burned holes in my heart. Once learned to use the umbrella of confidence, the skies cleared up for me and the sunshine called joy became my faithful companion.
Jealousy is the tribute mediocrity pays to genius.
To cure jealousy is to see it for what it is, dissatisfaction with self.
Love sees sharply, hatred sees even more sharp, but Jealousy sees the sharpest for it is love and hate at the same time.
Never waste jealousy on real man it is the imaginary man that supplants us all in the long run.
Jealousy is simply and clearly the fear that you do not have value. Jealousy scans for evidence to prove the point that others will be preferred and rewarded more than you. There is only one alternative self value. If you cannot love yourself, you will not believe that you are loved. You will always think it's mistake or luck. Take your eyes off others and turn the scanner within. Find the seeds of your jealousy, clear the old voices and experiences. Put all the energy into building your personal and emotional security. Then you will be the one others envy, and you can remember the pain and reach out to them.
Jealousy is never satisfied with anything short of an omniscience that would detect the subtlest fold of the heart.
Jealousy is that pain which man feels from the apprehension that he is not equally beloved by the person whom he entirely loves.
Jealousy would be far less torturous if we understood that love is passion entirely unrelated to our merits.
Jealousy is not barometer by which the depth of love can be read, it merely records the degree of the lover's insecurity.
Jealousy is one of the wickedest of all the passions. It is that which has been the most fruitful mother of tragedies, murders, and wars. But reprehensible though it is, jealousy is almost rather to be pitied than blamed its first victims are those who harbour the feeling.
Jealousy is indeed poor medium to secure love, but it is secure medium to destroy one's self respect. For jealous people, like dope fiends, stoop to the lowest level and in the end inspire only disgust and loathing.
Jealousy lives upon doubts. It becomes madness or ceases entirely as soon as we pass from doubt to certainty.
Jealousy is kind of civil war in the soul, where judgment and imagination are at perpetual jars. This civil dissension in the mind, like that of the body politic, commits great disorders, and lays all waste. Nothing stands safe in its way Nature, interest, religion, must yield to its fury. It violates contracts, dissolves society, breaks wedlock, betrays friends and neighbours. No body is good, and every one is either doing or designing them mischief. It has venom that more or less rankles wherever it bites And as it reports fancies or facts, so it disturbs its own house as often as other folks.
Surrounded by the flames of jealousy, the jealous one winds up, like the scorpion, turning the poisoned sting against himself.
Envy. since it lodgement is in the heart, not the brain, no degree of intellect supplies guarantee against it.
man will do many things to get himself loved. He will do all things to get himself envied.
Oh How bitter thing it is to look into happiness through another man eyes.
competent and self confident person is incapable of jealousy in anything. Jealousy is invariably symptom of neurotic insecurity.
Jealousy is both reasonable and belongs to reasonable men, while envy is base and belongs to the base, for the one makes himself get good things by jealousy, while the other does not allow his neighbour to have them through envy.
The jealous are possessed by mad devil and dull spirit at the same time.
To jealousy, nothing is more frightful than laughter.
jealousy thou magnifier of trifles.
Jealousy is the jaundice of the soul.
Comparison is very foolish attitude, because each person is unique and incomparable. Once this understanding settles in you, jealousy disappears.
More men die of jealousy than of cancer.
Love may be blind but jealousy has 20 20 vision.
refused to believe that love could take any other form than mine measured love by the extent of my jealousy, and by that standard of course she could not love me at all.
Injustice anywhere is threat to justice everywhere.
Where justice is denied, where poverty is enforced, where ignorance prevails, and where any one class is made to feel that society is an organized conspiracy to oppress, rob and degrade them, neither persons nor property will be safe.
In matters of truth and justice, there is no difference between large and small problems, for issues concerning the treatment of people are all the same.
The dead cannot cry out for justice. It is duty of the living to do so for them.
There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be time when we fail to protest.
Social justice cannot be attained by violence. Violence kills what it intends to create.
Justice will not be served until those who are unaffected are as outraged as those who are.
We are not to simply bandage the wounds of victims beneath the wheels of injustice, we are to drive spoke into the wheel itself.
If one really wishes to know how justice is administered in country, one does not question the policemen, the lawyers, the judges, or the protected members of the middle class. One goes to the unprotected those, precisely, who need the law's protection most and listens to their testimony.
Men often mistake killing and revenge for justice. They seldom have the stomach for justice.
Justice You get justice in the next world. In this one you have the law.
Courage is of no value unless accompanied by justice yet if all men became just, there would be no need for courage.
Justice requires that to lawfully constituted Authority there be given that respect and obedience which is its due that the laws which are made shall be in wise conformity with the common good and that, as matter of conscience all men shall render obedience to these laws.
Laws catch flies but let hornets go free.
Justice is the constant and perpetual will to allot to every man his due.
Justice consists not in being neutral between right and wrong, but in finding out the right and upholding it, wherever found, against the wrong.
Little thieves are hanged but great ones escape.
Justice is conscience, not personal conscience but the conscience of the whole of humanity.
Equal justice under law is not merely caption on the facade of the Supreme Court building, it is perhaps the most inspiring ideal of our society. It is one of the ends for which our entire legal system exists. it is fundamental that justice should be the same, in substance and availability, without regard to economic status.
If we do not maintain justice, justice will not maintain us.
The failure to invest in civil justice is directly related to the increase in criminal disorder. The more people feel there is injustice the more it becomes part of their psyche.
Throughout history, it has been the inaction of those who could have acted, the indifference of those who should have known better, the silence of the voice of justice when it mattered most, that has made it possible for evil to triumph.
Justice is the means by which established injustices are sanctioned.
This thing that men call justice, this blind snake that strikes men down in the dark, mindless with fury, keep your hand back from it, pass by in silence.
The just man is not the product of day, but of long brooding and painful birth. To become power for peace, man must first pass through experiences which lead him to see things in their different aspects it is necessary that he have wide horizon, and breathe various atmospheres in word, from crossing, one after another, paths and points of view the most diverse, and sometimes the most contradictory, he must acquire the faculty of putting himself in the place of others and appreciating them.
The need for justice grows out of the conflict of human interests. That is to say, if there were no conflict of interests among mankind we should never have invented the word justice, nor conceived the idea for which it stands.
Justice is always violent to the party offending, for every man is innocent in his own eyes.
Justice is the tolerable accommodation of the conflicting interests of society, and don't believe there is any royal road to attain such accommodation concretely.
The whole history of the world is summed up in the fact that, when nations are strong, they are not always just, and when they wish to be just, they are no longer strong.
Injustice is relatively easy to bear it is justice that hurts.
Justice should remove the bandage from her eyes long enough to distinguish between the vicious and the unfortunate.
Justice in the life and conduct of the State is possible only as first it resides in the hearts and souls of the citizens.
Peace is not the absence of war but the presence of justice.
Where there are too many policemen, there is no liberty. Where there are too many soldiers, there is no peace. Where there are too many lawyers, there is no justice.
The administration of justice is the firmest pillar of government.
Law in origin was merely codification of the power of dominant groups, and did not aim at anything that to modern man would appear to be justice.
The best safeguard against fascism is to establish social justice to the maximum extent possible.
Justice has nothing to do with what goes on in courtroom Justice is what comes out of courtroom.
In the halls of justice, the only justice is in the halls.
You know, the courts may not be working any more, but as long as everyone is videotaping everyone else, justice will be done.
Justice is incidental to law and order.
sense of justice is noble fancy.
The foundation of justice is good faith.
The love of justice is, in most men, nothing more than the fear of suffering injustice.
Extreme justice is often injustice.
The deceitful have no friends.
Justice is contract of expediency, entered upon to prevent men harming or being harmed.
rule isn't unfair if it applies to everyone.
The end doesn't justify the means.
Contrary to popular misconception, karma has nothing to do with punishment and reward. It exists as part of our holographic universe's binary or dualistic operating system only to teach us responsibility for our creations and all things we experience are our creations.
Karma moves in two directions. If we act virtuously, the seed we plant will result in happiness. If we act non virtuously, suffering results.
As she has planted, so does she harvest such is the field of karma.
Karma is justice. It does not reward or punish. It shows no favoritism because we all have to earn all that we receive. Karma doesn predestine anything. We create our own causes and Karma adjusts the effects with perfect balance.
People pay for what they do, and still more, for what they have allowed themselves to become. And they pay for it simply by the lives they lead.
If karma doesn't catch up, God will surely pick up the slack.
For the innocent, the past may hold reward. But for the treacherous, it's only matter of time before the past delivers what they truly deserve.
believe in Karma. If the good is sown, the good is collected. When positive things are made, that returns well.
Still others commit all sorts of evil deeds, claiming karma doesn't exist. They erroneously maintain that since everything is empty, committing evil isn't wrong. Such persons fall into hell of endless darkness with no hope of release. Those who are wise hold no such conception.
As long as karma exists, the world changes. There will always be karma to be taken care of.
never kill insects. If see ants or spiders in the room, pick them up and take them outside. Karma is everything.
How people treat you is their karma how you react is yours.
Men are not punished for their sins, but by them.
Sin makes its own hell, and goodness its own heaven.
Karma comes after everyone eventually. You can't get away with screwing people over your whole life, don't care who you are. What goes around comes around. That's how it works. Sooner or later the universe will serve you the revenge that you deserve.
Each individual is solely responsible for his or her own actions, and every action will produce reaction equal in every way to the suit of the action.
Each individual is solely responsible for his or her own actions, and every action will produce reaction equal in every way to the suit of the action.
There's natural law of karma that vindictive people, who go out of their way to hurt others, will end up broke and alone.
try to live with the idea that karma is very real thing. So put out what want to get back.
Learn to see. Realize that everything connects to everything else.
If you're really mean person you're going to come back as fly and eat poop.
Don't waste time on revenge. The people who hurt you will eventually face their own karma.
If you give good thing to the world, then over time your karma will be good, and you'll receive good.
Ancestral karma is not something that is permanently ingrained with conscientious effort it can be modified and healed. It only requires you to be proactive and intentional in your efforts to heal.
Karma bides it's time. You will always have to watch out. Karma is unforgiving and always gets payback.
You cannot do harm to someone because someone has done harm to you. You will pay just like they will.
No need for revenge. Just sit back and wait. Those who hurt you will eventually screw up themselves and if you're lucky, God will let you watch.
Every action has equal and opposite reaction. This is law of the universe and spares none. Wrong done and injustice inflicted is paid back in the same coin. No one has escaped justice of the universe. It is only matter of time.
Nobody deserves misery but sometimes it's just your turn.
Karma is when you throw banana in Mario Kart and you end up slipping on it.
Most times, how you treat your children is how they grow up to treat you.
Don't envy those who make their wealth in an ungodly way. The wicked seem to prosper now and live without care but they will spend their eternity in terror and despair.
Whatever you give to life, it gives you back. Do not hate anybody. The hatred which comes out from you will someday come back to you. Love others. And love will comeback to you.
Karma has surprising way of taking care of situations. All you have to do is to sit back and watch.
Karma is like boomerang, whatever you give out. will come back to you.
The ones you judge today, may be the judgments you endure tomorrow.
Remember the unkindness, dishonesty, and deception you display toward others. dont be shocked when it comes back to bite you.
Every act done, no matter how insignificant, will eventually return to the doer with equal impact. Good will be returned with good evil with evil.
Nature runs restuarant called Karma. It's place where there is no need to place any order. You are autimatically served what you deserve.
Karma is not just about the troubles, but also about surmounting them.
I'm true believer in karma. You get what you give wheter it's bad or good.
Karma is the universe's way of letting you know that you just thought you got away with it.
My actions are my only true belongings. cannot escape the consequences of my actions. My actions are the ground upon which stand.
Forgive the person and their actions, never give in to hate. Let it go, set it free, and karma will take care of what is meant to be.
Someone should have mentioned to him that karma was venomous witch.
Like gravity, karma is so basic we often don't even notice it.
If justice is denied, let the law of karma take the ride. Nothing in this world is done without price.
Karma has no problem getting back in touch with you when need be.
When karma comes back to punch you in the face, wanna be there just in case it needs help.
Karma, simply put, is an action for an action, good or bad.
You are free to choose, but you are not free from the consequence of your choice.
Revenge will never solve anything, karma will.
What goes around comes back around.
Do good and good will follow you.
Great Karma additionally interprets into great well being. At the point when an individual has cheerful and delighted viewpoint in life, this will just add to the wellbeing of his or her wellbeing condition.
The results of karma, whether good or bad, may not manifest right away. In may happen in the same lifetime or in future life. We may even receive both positive and negative reactions at the same time.
Karma is intertwined in the fabric of our life, and training ourselves to be aware of this can transform how we live. We become more mindful and thoughtful, making choices with care, understanding that our past actions, present experiences, and future circumstances originate in our minds.
Wise men learn by others harms fools by their own.
day of travelling will bring basketful of learning.
Brains are better than brawn.
Everyone is ignorant only on different subjects.
Instead of seeking new landscapes, develop new eyes.
Knowledge is more than equivalent to force.
Learning is better than house and land.
People learn more on their own rather than being force fed.
Presumption first blinds man, then sets him running.
The shoe knows if the stocking has hole.
What signifies knowing the names, if you know not the natures of things.
When the pupil is ready, the teacher will come.
Wit is the only wall between us and the dark.
With time even bear can learn to dance.
Distance lends enchantment to the view.
Doubt is the key to knowledge.
Example is the best precept.
It is better to be born beggar than fool.
It is better to be the head of chicken than the rear of an ox.
Knowledge is power.
Mistakes are doorways to discovery.
Put two and two together.
What good is running when you're on the wrong road.
When you're sad, learn something,.
An army of thousand is easy to find, but, ah, how difficult to find general.
Even the largest army is nothing without good general.
He that cannot obey, cannot command.
He who rules must fully humor as much as he commands.
The good will of the governed will be starved if not fed by the good deeds of the governors.
The higher the monkey climbs, the more he shows his tail.
The master of the people is their servant.
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are leader.
The greatest leader is not necessarily the one who does the greatest things. He is the one that gets the people to do the greatest things.
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it.
Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them.
No man will make great leader who wants to do it all himself, or to get all the credit for doing it.
man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd.
Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality.
man can only lead when others accept him as their leader, and he has only as much authority as his subjects give to him. All of the brilliant ideas in the world cannot save your kingdom if no one will listen to them.
Leadership does not always wear the harness of compromise.
The task of leadership is not to put greatness into humanity, but to elicit it, for the greatness is already there.
gentle hand may lead even an elephant by hair.
great one must have long heart.
ruler must sometimes humor as well as command.
Great chiefs prove their worthiness.
If the townspeople are happy, look to the chief.
If you can't serve, you can't rule.
In the country of the blind, the one eyed man is king.
When we think we lead, we are most led.
To handle yourself, use your head to handle others, use your heart.
Never give an order that can't be obeyed.
Don't tell people how to do things, tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results.
Example is not the main thing in influencing others. It is the only thing.
You do not lead by hitting people over the head. That's assault, not leadership.
To lead people, walk behind them.
Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm.
Be yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected.
The quality of leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves.
Lead, follow, or get out of the way.
It's hard to lead cavalry charge if you think you look funny on horse.
He who cannot be good follower cannot be good leader.
If you would convince man that he does wrong, do right. But do not care to convince him. Men will believe what they see. Let them see.
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave trail.
The art of leadership is saying no, not yes. It is very easy to say yes.
Part of the happiness of life consists not in fighting battles, but in avoiding them. masterly retreat is in itself victory.
Leadership and learning are indispensable to one another.
Don't find fault, find remedy.
Keep your fears to yourself, but share your courage with others.
Learn to see things backwards, inside out, and upside down.
Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young. The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young.
man who asks is fool for five minutes. man who never asks is fool for life.
moment's insight is sometimes worth life's experience.
Tell me and forget. Teach me and remember. Involve me and learn.
Learn as if you were to live forever.
He who learns but does not think, is lost He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger.
You don't learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing, and by falling over.
am always ready to learn although do not always like being taught.
There is no end to education. It is not that you read book, pass an examination, and finish with education. The whole of life, from the moment you are born to the moment you die, is process of learning.
You can teach student lesson for day but if you can teach him to learn by creating curiosity, he will continue the learning process as long as he lives.
am learning all the time. The tombstone will be my diploma.
The most useful piece of learning for the uses of life is to unlearn what is untrue.
The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as we continue to live.
Every act of conscious learning requires the willingness to suffer an injury to one's self esteem. That is why young children, before they are aware of their own self importance, learn so easily.
The illiterate of the 21st century will not be those who cannot read and write, but those who cannot learn, unlearn, and relearn.
never learned from man who agreed with me.
The man who is too old to learn was probably always too old to learn.
Developing desire to learn is the kindling point of all classroom achievement.
Expecting all children the same age to learn from the same materials is like expecting all children the same age to wear the same size clothing.
If learning is an act of exploration, then technology equips the explorer for the journey of lifetime.
It is paradoxical that many educators and parents still differentiate between time for learning and time for play without seeing the vital connection between them.
Teenagers learn best by doing things, they learn best in teams and they learn best by doing things for real all the opposite of what mainstream schooling actually does.
Learning is not attained by chance. It must be sought for with ardor and attended to with diligence.
Never let formal education get in the way of your learning.
If man empties his purse into his head, no one can take it away from him. An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
In time of drastic change it is the learners who inherit the future. The learned usually find themselves equipped to live in world that no longer exists.
That's what learning is. You suddenly understand something you understood all your life, but in new way.
We now accept the fact that learning is lifelong process of keeping abreast of change. And the most pressing task is to teach people how to learn.
We learn more by looking for the answer to question and not finding it than we do from learning the answer itself.
Only the curious will learn and only the resolute overcome the obstacles to learning. The quest quotient has always excited me more than the intelligence quotient.
Whoso neglects learning in his youth, Loses the past and is dead for the future.
Never seem more learned than the people you are with. Wear your learning like pocket watch and keep it hidden. Do not pull it out to count the hours, but give the time when you are asked.
Learning is not compulsory. neither is survival.
What is important is to keep learning, to enjoy challenge, and to tolerate ambiguity. In the end there are no certain answers.
Shall tell you secret of true scholar It is this every man meet is my master in some point and in that learn from him.
Don't let your learning lead to knowledge. Let your learning lead to action.
If you hold cat by the tail you learn things you cannot learn any other way.
Learn everything you can, anytime you can, from anyone you can there will always come time when you will be grateful you did.
never teach my pupils only attempt to provide the conditions in which they can learn.
Being ignorant is not so much shame, as being unwilling to learn.
To teach man how he may learn to grow independently, and for himself, is perhaps the greatest service that one man can do another.
Children want to learn to the degree that they are unable to distinguish learning from fun. They keep this attitude until we adults convince them that learning is not fun.
Education is learning what you didn't even know you didn't know.
The greatest enemy of learning is knowing.
All learning has an emotional base.
Every student can learn, just not on the same day, or the same way.
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.
Never mistake single mistake with final mistake.
little learning is dangerous thing.
penny for your thoughts.
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.
Life is inherently risky. There is only one big risk you should avoid at all costs, and that is the risk of doing nothing.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
have found that if you love life, life will love you back.
We all have two lives. The second one starts when we realize we only have one.
You get in life what you have the courage to ask for.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
An unexamined life is not worth living.
When one door closes, another opens but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that we do not see the one that has opened for us.
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else.
The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well.
Life is not always matter of holding good cards, but sometimes, playing poor hand well.
Life is made up of moments, small pieces of glittering mica in long stretch of gray cement. It would be wonderful if they came to us unsummoned, but particularly in lives as busy as the ones most of us lead now, that won happen. We have to teach ourselves how to make room for them, to love them, and to live, really live.
Many of life's failures are experienced by people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Life is all memory except for the one present moment that goes by so quick you can hardly catch it going.
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.
Life is like walking through Paradise with peas in your shoes.
Life is spell so exquisite that everything conspires to break it.
The only thing regret about my life is the length of it. If had to live my life again make all the same mistakes only sooner.
If is success in life, then equals plus plus Work is is play and is keeping your mouth shut.
Life is gamble at terrible odds if it was bet, you wouldn take it.
We are not unhappy today because of the complexities of life. We are unhappy because we miss its underlying simplicities.
Get life in which you notice the smell of salt water pushing itself on breeze over the dunes, life in which you stop and watch how red tailed hawk circles over pond and stand of pines.
Life is way wilder than am comfortable with, way farther out, as we used to say, more magnificent, more deserving of awe and, would add, more benevolent well meaning, kindly.
The most important thing is to enjoy your life to be happy it's all that matters.
Mellow doesn't always make for good story, but it makes for good life.
Work like you don't need the money, love like you've never been hurt and dance like no one is watching.
There comes time when you have to choose between turning the page and closing the book.
Life is progress, and not station.
People have different reasons for the way they live their lives. You cannot put everyone's reasons in the same box.
Life is 10 what happens to us and 90 how we react to it.
Be not afraid of life. Believe that life is worth living, and your belief will help create the fact.
It is not the length of life, but depth of life.
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
Life is about making an impact, not making an income.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
Accept responsibility for your life. Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else.
The great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.
Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground.
Life's too mysterious to take too serious.
Life must be lived and curiosity kept alive. One must never, for whatever reason, turn his back on life.
It's not about how hard you can hit it's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward.
Nothing in life is to be feared it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more so that we may fear less.
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot but make it hot by striking.
Do not watch the clock. Do what it does. Keep going.
In youth we learn, in age we understand.
The greatest use of life is to spend it for something that will outlast it.
Never to do anything which should be afraid to do if it were the last hour of my life.
The game of life is not so much in holding good hand as playing poor hand well.
Most important thing in life is learning how to fall.
Life is game. Money is how we keep score.
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this Decide what you want.
Strive not to be success, but rather to be of value.
Life is something to do when you can get to sleep.
Brought up in the provinces in the forties and fifties one learned early the valuable lesson that life is generally something that happens elsewhere.
No man ever said on his deathbed wish had spent more time in the office.
Much of what life hands us comes without prelude of fear and worry. Our fears don stop death, they stop life.
The understanding gained in examining life itself comes to permeate that life and direct its course. To live an examined life is to make self portrait.
To pay attention and to mostly accept your life, inside and out and around your body, is to be halfway home.
life without cause is life without effect.
In this life, when you deny someone an apology, you will remember it at time you beg forgiveness.
Life is not problem to be solved, but reality to be experienced.
Short cuts make long delays.
Mistakes are part of being human. Appreciate your mistakes for what they are precious life lessons that can only be learned the hard way.
Life is inherently risky. There is only one big risk you should avoid at all costs, and that is the risk of doing nothing.
The hardest thing to learn in life is which bridge to cross and which bridge to burn.
Don't let anyone ever make you feel like you don't deserve what you want.
To see the world, things dangerous to come to, to see behind walls, to draw closer, to find each other and to feel. That is the purpose of life.
We make living by what we get. We make life by what we give.
In three words can sum up everything I've learned about life it goes on.
Mistakes are part of the dues one pays for full life.
In the long run, we shape our lives, and we shape ourselves. The process never ends until we die. And the choices we make are ultimately our own responsibility.
Good judgment comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgment.
At times you have to leave the city of your comfort and go into the wilderness of your intuition. What you ll discover will be wonderful. What you ll discover is yourself.
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you Not much.
Experience is hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards.
Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.
And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths you take, but by every moment that takes your breath away.
Breathe. Let go. And remind yourself that this very moment is the only one you know you have for sure.
The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing.
No matter how hard you kick, no matter how high you get, you can't go all the way around.
But one of the big lessons have learned from my journey is you can't please everyone, so don't try.
You can't wait around for something to become good, it either is, or isn't.
am not someone who is ashamed of my past. I'm actually really proud. know made lot of mistakes, but they, in turn, were my life lessons.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
You get in life what you have the courage to ask for.
great attitude becomes great day which becomes great month which becomes great year which becomes great life.
You can't live your life for other people. You've got to do what's right for you, even if it hurts some people you love.
We are who we choose to be.
After while, you learn to ignore the names people call you and just trust who you are.
made resolve then that was going to amount to something if could. And no hours, nor amount of labor, nor amount of money would deter me from giving the best that there was in me. And have done that ever since, and win by it. know.
didn't get there by wishing for it or hoping for it, but by working for it.
can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But cannot accept not trying.
In every success story, you will find someone who has made courageous decision.
If there are things you don't like in the world you grew up in, make your own life different.
Things turn out best for those who make the best of the way things turn out.
Whenever you want to achieve something, keep your eyes open, concentrate and make sure you know exactly what it is you want. No one can hit their target with their eyes closed.
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
What to do with mistake recognize it, admit it, learn from it, forget it.
Believe in yourself. Have faith in your abilities. Without humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.
Don't let what you can't do stop you from doing what you can do.
Protect your spirit from contamination limit your time with negative people.
Remember that failure is an event, not person.
Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.
The past has no power over the present moment.
Take chances, make mistakes. That's how you grow. Pain nourishes your courage. You have to fail in order to practice being brave.
The more difficult the victory, the greater the happiness in winning.
If you fail to prepare, you're prepared to fail.
Nothing fails like success.
My advice to myself and to everyone else, particularly young people, is to turn on, tune in and drop out.
There is only one principle that can be defended under all circumstances and in all stages of human development. It is the principle anything goes.
Does this path have heart If it does, the path is good if it doesn it is of no use. Both paths lead nowhere, but one has heart, the other doesn One makes for joyful journey as long as you follow it, you are one with it. The other will make you curse your life.
He who knows does not speak. He who speaks does not know.
To win without fighting is best.
You cannot step into the same river twice.
The path up and down is one and the same.
The unexamined life is not worth living.
Who watches the watchmen.
Life is long if you know how to live it.
If you insist on being determined by the past, that your game, but the fact of the matter is it all starts right now.
Life is perhaps most wisely regarded as bad dream between two awakenings, and every day is life in miniature.
Art and religion first then philosophy lastly science. That is the order of the great subjects of life, that their importance.
The human crowd has been the lesson of my life. can come to it with the born timidity of the poet, with the fear of the timid, but once am in its midst, feel transfigured. am part of the essential majority, am one more leaf on the great human tree.
As we work to create light for others, we naturally light our own way.
What is to give light must endure the burning.
Light itself is great corrective. thousand wrongs and abuses that are grown in darkness disappear, like owls and bats, before the light of day.
Light is to darkness what love is to fear in the presence of one the other disappears.
In order for the light to shine so brightly, the darkness must be present.
He whose face gives no light, shall never become star.
Give light, and the darkness will disappear of itself.
Your path is illuminated by the light Yet darkness lets the stars shine bright.
man should learn to detect and watch that gleam of light which flashes across his mind from within.
Travel light, live light, spread the light, be the light.
Light must come from inside. You cannot ask the darkness to leave you must turn on the light.
In the right light, at the right time, everything is extraordinary.
His high endeavors are an inward light That makes the path before him always bright.
When you possess light within, you see it externally.
There are two ways of spreading light to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.
We are told to let our light shine, and if it does, we won't need to tell anybody it does. Lighthouses don't fire cannons to call attention to their shining they just shine.
At times our own light goes out and is rekindled by spark from another person. Each of us has cause to think with deep gratitude of those who have lighted the flame within us.
If there is light in the soul, There will be beauty in the person. If there is beauty in the person, There will be harmony in the house. If there is harmony in the house, There will be order in the nation. If there is order in the nation, There will be peace in the world.
It is better to light one small candle than to curse the darkness.
We are indeed the light of the world but only if our switch is turned on.
It's not necessary to blow out your neighbor's light to let your own shine.
There are two kinds of light the glow that illumines, and the glare that obscures.
Walk while ye have the light, lest darkness come upon you.
Give light and people will find the way.
Light is the symbol of truth.
The light shines in the darkness and the darkness comprehended it not.
The light at the end of the tunnel may be an oncoming train.
To light candle is to cast shadow.
You can't have light without dark to stick it in.
Sometimes the best lighting of all is power failure.
Sweet is the memory of distant friends Like the mellow rays of the departing sun, it falls tenderly, yet sadly, on the heart.
On the death of friend, we should consider that the fates through confidence have devolved on us the task of double living, that we have henceforth to fulfill the promise of our friend's life also, in our own, to the world.
No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow.
Death leaves heartache no one can heal, love leaves memory no one can steal.
Closed eyes, heart not beating, but living love.
pray to God to remove my enemies from my life, and before know it started losing friends. Am just saying no one to be trusted.
Friendship is delicate as glass, once broken it can be fixed but there will always be cracks.
friendship that can cease has never been real.
We call that person who has lost his father, an orphan and widower that man who has lost his wife. But that man who has known the immense unhappiness of losing friend, by what name do we call him Here every language is silent and holds its peace in impotence.
Sometimes we lose friends for whose loss our regret is greater than our grief, and others for whom our grief is greater than our regret.
That friendship will not continue to the end which is begun for an end.
When one has lost friend one's eyes should be neither dry nor streaming. Tears, yes, there should be, but not lamentation.
We all lose friends. we lose them in death, to distance and over time. But even though they may be lost, hope is not. The key is to keep them in your heart, and when the time is right, you can pick up the friendship right where you left off. Even the lost find their way home when you leave the light on.
The death of friend is equivalent to the loss of limb.
Lovers have right to betray you friends don't.
Good God How often are we to die before we go quite off this stage In every friend we lose part of ourselves, and the best part.
have learned that no matter how good friend is, they're going to hurt you every once in while and you must forgive them for that.
If two friends ask you to judge dispute, do not accept, as you may lose friend.
Everyone leaves footprints in your memory, but the ones that leave footprints in your heart are the ones you will truly remember.
The most beautiful discovery true friends make is that they can grow separately without growing apart.
Make as many friends as you can, but don't build your life on them alone. It's an unstable foundation.
Fare thee well and if for ever Still for ever, fare thee well.
special friend is hard to find, hard to lose and impossible to forget.
I'm losing friends cause people are catching feelings I'm not catching.
Due to success started losing friends.
Some people are going to leave, but that's not the end your story. That's the end of their part in your story.
Love is friendship that has caught fire. It is quiet understanding, mutual confidence, sharing and forgiving. It is loyalty through good and bad times. It settles for less than perfection and makes allowances for human weaknesses.
Absence is to love as wind is to fire it extinguishes the small and enkindles the great.
One who marries for love alone will have bad days but good nights.
Love is force more formidable than any other. It is invisible it cannot be seen or measured, yet it is powerful enough to transform you in moment, and offer you more joy than any material possession could.
Sometimes the heart sees what is invisible to the eye.
Love doesn't make the world go round. Love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
Love is composed of single soul inhabiting two bodies.
Love is fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand.
Love wildly misunderstood although highly desirable malfunction of the heart which weakens the brain, causes eyes to sparkle, cheeks to glow, blood pressure to rise and the lips to pucker.
Love is canvas furnished by Nature and embroidered by imagination.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen nor even touched, but just felt in the heart.
Love is fabric which never fades, no matter how often it is washed in the water of adversity and grief.
In the arithmetic of love, one plus one equals everything, and two minus one equals nothing.
Love is of all passions the strongest, for it attacks simultaneously the head, the heart and the senses.
Love is to love someone for who they are, who they were, and who they will be.
To love is nothing. To be loved is something. But to love and be loved, that's everything.
Love is an untamed force. When we try to control it, it destroys us. When we try to imprison it, it enslaves us. When we try to understand it, it leaves us feeling lost and confused.
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, tender look which becomes habit.
Love is something eternal the aspect may change, but not the essence.
Love is like an hourglass, with the heart filling up as the brain empties.
Love is the joy of the good, the wonder of the wise, the amazement of the Gods.
Love is fire. But whether it is going to warm your hearth or burn down your house, you can never tell.
Love is the only sane and satisfactory answer to the problem of human existence.
Love is when the other person's happiness is more important than your own.
loving heart is the truest wisdom.
Everything is clearer when you're in love.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
He who wants to do good, knocks at the gate he who loves finds the gates open.
Love is often the fruit of marriage.
Love isn't love until you give it away.
The best and most beautiful things in this world cannot be seen or even heard, but must be felt with the heart.
Love me, love my dog.
Not all who make love, make marriages.
Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you.
Love is like the wind, you can't see it but you can feel it.
Love is great beautifier.
If thing loves, it is infinite.
Love is quite simply natural high.
We are most alive when we're in love.
Love is like war easy to begin but very hard to stop.
There is only one happiness in life to love and to be loved.
You can't buy love.
Where there is love there is life.
Even when love isn't enough, somehow it is.
Parting is such sweet sorrow that shall say goodnight till it be morrow.
Absence sharpens love, presence strengthens it.
Loyalty means nothing unless it has at its heart the absolute principle of self sacrifice.
Total loyalty is possible only when fidelity is emptied of all concrete content, from which changes of mind might naturally arise.
Loyalty is still the same, whether it win or lose the game true as dial to the sun, although it be not shined upon.
Loyalty means giving me your honest opinion, whether you think I'll like it or not. Disagreement, at this state, stimulates me. But once decision is made, the debate ends. From that point on, loyalty means executing the decision as if it were your own.
If put to the pinch, an ounce of loyalty is worth pound of cleverness.
Loyalty isn't grey. It's black and white. You're either loyal completely, or not loyal at all.
Loyalty cannot be blueprinted. It cannot be produced on an assembly line. In fact, it cannot be manufactured at all, for its origin is the human heart the center of self respect and human dignity. It is force which leaps into being only when conditions are exactly right for it and it is force very sensitive to betrayal.
You cannot buy loyalty you cannot buy the devotion of hearts, minds, and souls. You have to earn these things.
The only people owe my loyalty to are those who never made me question theirs.
If loyalty is, and always has been, perceived as obsolete, why do we continue to praise it Because loyalty is essential to the most basic things that make life livable. Without loyalty there can be no love. Without loyalty there can be no family. Without loyalty there can be no friendship. Without loyalty there can be no commitment to community or country. And without those things, there can be no society.
Don't let your loyalty become slavery. If they don't appreciate what you bring to the table, let them eat alone.
Our modern, rootless times do seem to be particularly inhospitable environment for loyalty. We come and go so relentlessly that our friendships can't but come and go too. What sort of loyalty is there in the age of Facebook, when friendship is costless transaction, business of flip reciprocity. Friendship held together by nothing more permanent than hyperlinks is hardly the stuff of selfless fidelity.
Loyalty to petrified opinion never yet broke chain or freed human soul.
The highest spiritual quality, the noblest property of mind man can have, is this of loyalty man with no loyalty in him, with no sense of love or reverence or devotion due to something outside and above his poor daily life, with its pains and pleasures, profits and losses, is as evil case as man can be.
I'll take fifty percent efficiency to get one hundred percent loyalty.
Loyalty is fine quality, but in excess it fills political graveyards.
Loyalty to the country always. Loyalty to the government when it deserves it.
Unlike the puerile loyalty to conviction, loyalty to friend is virtue perhaps the only virtue, the last remaining one.
Loyalty to an unjust cause is perversion of honor.
Loyalty publicly results in leverage privately.
Loyal companions are an unequaled grace, stanching fear before it bleeds you numb, reliable antidote for creeping despair.
Loyalty and friendship, which is to me the same, created all the wealth that I've ever thought I'd have.
Loyalty is characteristic trait. Those who have it, give it free of charge.
Loyalty to the family must be merged into loyalty to the community, loyalty to the community into loyalty to the nation, and loyalty to the nation into loyalty to mankind. The citizen of the future must be citizen of the world.
Those who don't know the value of loyalty can never appreciate the cost of betrayal.
Confidentiality is virtue of the loyal, as loyalty is the virtue of faithfulness.
Within the hearts of men, loyalty and consideration are esteemed greater than success.
An intelligent and conscientious opposition is part of loyalty to country.
Loyalty is what makes us trust, Trust is what makes us stay, Staying is what makes us love, and love is what gives us hope.
No more important duty can be urged upon those who are entering the great theater of life than simple loyalty to their best convictions.
Loyalty is something you give regardless of what you get back, and in giving loyalty, you're getting more loyalty and out of loyalty flow other great qualities.
Loyalty is realization that America was born of revolt, flourished in dissent, became great through experimentation.
We are all in the same boat, in stormy sea, and we owe each other terrible loyalty.
The greater the loyalty of group toward the group, the greater is the motivation among the members to achieve the goals of the group, and the greater the probability that the group will achieve its goals.
If man asks me for my loyalty. will give him my honesty. If man asks me for my honesty. will give him my loyalty.
We must not confuse dissent with disloyalty. When the loyal opposition dies, think the soul of America dies with it.
Be loyal and trustworthy. Do not befriend anyone who is lower than yourself in this regard.
You don't earn loyalty in day. You earn loyalty day by day.
Unless you can find some sort of loyalty, you cannot find unity and peace in your active living.
Loyalty will, decision, resolution of the soul.
have loyalty that runs in my bloodstream, when lock into someone or something, you can't get me away from it because commit that thoroughly. That's in friendship, that's deal, that's commitment. Don't give me paper can get the same lawyer who drew it up to break it. But if you shake my hand, that's for life.
Be loyal to those who are not present. In doing so, you build the trust of those who are present.
woman's loyalty is tested when her man has nothing. man's loyalty is tested when he has everything.
Loyalty means am down with you whether you are wrong or right, but will tell you when you are wrong and help you get it right.
Loyalty is the highest virtue taught by abusers, and used as control tool.
Fidelity purchased with money, money can destroy.
It is better to be faithful than famous.
The scholar does not consider gold and jade to be precious treasures, but loyalty and good faith.
Where there is loyalty, weapons are of no use.
Manipulation, fueled with good intent, can be blessing. But when used wickedly, it is the beginning of magician's karmic calamity.
The basic tool for the manipulation of reality is the manipulation of words. If you can control the meaning of words, you can control the people who must use the words.
One of the methods of manipulation is to inoculate individuals with the bourgeois appetite for personal success.
Everybody has the ability to be manipulative, to be hateful and deceitful.
Are you trying to manipulate me It's working.
If you want to know the outcome of game before the game has even started, you need to control each side.
The best way to manipulate man is to make him think he is manipulating you.
Manipulation can give you anything in life you want, if you can afford it.
Men are used as they use others.
The measure of man is what he does with power.
One man with gun can control 100 without one.
Manipulating people is what's so fun about poker. love that you can just look into someone's eyes and lie and it's perfectly acceptable.
Foreknowledge of the future makes it possible to manipulate both enemies and supporters.
If you don't give education to people, it is easy to manipulate them.
It's so easy to manipulate an audience, but it's nearly always clear that you are being manipulated. think even people that are not critically attuned are aware of cynical manipulation in film.
All writing is form of manipulation, of course, but you realize that plain sentence can actually do so much.
One must change one's tactics every ten years if one wishes to maintain one's superiority.
Any kind of manipulation with human embryos should be prohibited.
As have said thousand times, no manipulation can put stocks down and keep them down.
Whoever controls the money controls you.
It's amazing how much manipulation is going on in parasites.
One should be able to control and manipulate experiences with an informed and intelligent mind.
The art of pleasing is the art of deception.
When it comes to controlling human beings, there is no better instrument than lies. Because you see, humans live by beliefs. And beliefs can be manipulated. The power to manipulate beliefs is the only thing that counts.
When you know what man wants you know who he is, and how to move him.
mother who radiates self love and self acceptance actually vaccinates her daughter against low self esteem.
daughter is mother's gender partner, her closest ally in the family confederacy, an extension of her self. And mothers are their daughters role model, their biological and emotional road map, the arbiter of all their relationships.
As mothers and daughters, we are connected with one another. My mother is the bones of my spine, keeping me straight and true. She is my blood, making sure it runs rich and strong. She is the beating of my heart. cannot now imagine life without her.
Of all the haunting moments of motherhood, few rank with hearing your own words come out of your daughter's mouth.
The more daughter knows the details of her mother's life without flinching or whining the stronger the daughter.
Mothers of daughters are daughters of mothers and have remained so, in circles joined to circles, since time began.
mother's treasure is her daughter.
We mothers are learning to mark our mothering success by our daughters lengthening flight.
busy mother makes slothful daughters.
daughter without her mother is woman broken. It is loss that turns to arthritis and settles deep into her bones.
Mothers, look after your daughters, keep them near you, keep their confidence that they may be true and faithful.
am not perfect mother and will never be. You are not perfect daughter and you will never be. But put us together and we will be the best mother and daughter we would ever be.
Suddenly, through birthing daughter, woman finds herself face to face not only with an infant, little girl, woman to be, but also with her own unresolved conflicts from the past and her hopes and dreams for the future. As though experiencing an earthquake, mothers of daughters may find their lives shifted, their deep feelings unearthed, the balance struck in all relationships once again off kilter.
fluent tongue is the only thing mother don't like her daughter to resemble her in.
The mother is only really the mistress of her daughter upon the condition of continually representing herself to her as model of wisdom and type of perfection.
Because mothers and daughters can affirm and enjoy their commonalities more readily, they are more likely to see how they might advance their individual interests in tandem, without one having to be sacrificed for the other.
Unlike the mother son relationship, daughter's relationship with her mother is something akin to bungee diving. She can stake he claim in the outside world in what looks like total autonomy in some cases, even divorce her mother in fiery exit from the family but there is an invisible emotional cord that snaps her back. For always there is the memory of mother, whose judgments are so completely absorbed into the daughter's identity that she may wonder where Mom leaves off and she begins.
What do girls do who haven't any mothers to help them through their troubles.
Mothers and daughters are closest, when daughters become mothers.
son is son till he takes him wife, daughter is daughter all of her life.
The mother daughter relationship is the most complex.
Of course mothers and daughters with strong personalities might see the world from very different points of view.
Good daughters make good mothers.
As is the mother, so is her daughter.
What the daughter does, the mother did.
Mothers sound so stupid when they praise their daughters to the skies.
Like mother, like daughter.
He that would the daughter win must with the mother first begin.
When mother quarrels with daughter, she has double dose of unhappiness hers from the conflict, and empathy with her daughter's from the conflict with her. Throughout her life mother retains this special need to maintain good relationship with her daughter.
man loves his sweetheart the most, his wife the best, but his mother the longest.
There has never been, nor will there ever be, anything quite so special as the love between the mother and son.
There is an endearing tenderness in the love of mother to son that transcends all other affections of the heart.
Happy is the son whose faith in his mother remains unchallenged.
Every mother hopes that her daughter will marry better man than she did, and is convinced that her son will never find wife as good as his father did.
For mother the project of raising boy is the most fulfilling project she can hope for. She can watch him, as child, play the games she was not allowed to play she can invest in him her ideas, aspirations, ambitions, and values or whatever she has left of them she can watch her son, who came from her flesh and whose life was sustained by her work and devotion, embody her in the world. So while the project of raising boy is fraught with ambivalence and leads inevitably to bitterness, it is the only project that allows woman to be to be through her son, to live through her son.
Even more than the time when she gave birth, mother feels her greatest joy when she hears others refer to her son as wise learned one.
All women become like their mothers. That is their tragedy. No man does. That's his.
Sons are the anchors of mother's life.
If man has been his mother's undisputed darling he retains throughout life the triumphant feeling, the confidence in success, which not seldom brings actual success along with it.
Mother is her son's first god she must teach him the most important lesson of all how to love.
As the mother of son, do not accept that alienation from me is necessary for his discovery of himself. As woman, will not cooperate in demeaning womanly things so that he can be proud to be man. like to think the women in my son's future are counting on me.
man never sees all that his mother has been to him until it's too late to let her know that he sees it.
mother love is patient and forgiving when all others are forsaking, it never fails or falters, even though the heart is breaking.
mother love for her child is like nothing else in the world. It knows no law, no pity, it dares all things, and crushes down remorselessly all that stands in its path.
To mother, son is never fully grown man and son is never fully grown man until he understands and accepts this about his mother.
The father is always Republican toward his son, and his mother's always Democrat.
good son will never allow sorrow to befall her mother. and act as if he is an only child that cares. protects when no one dares. serves with his life in return. and most of all finds wife that will love his mother too.
Mothers are inscrutable beings to their sons, always.
It takes one woman twenty years to make man of her son and another woman twenty minutes to make fool of him.
That strong mother doesn't tell her cub, Son, stay weak so the wolves can get you. She says, Toughen up, this is reality we are living in.
But mother son relationship is not coequal one, is it He is lonely with only you just as you are lonely with only him.
Raising boys has made me more generous woman than really am. Undoubtedly, there are other routes to learning the wishes and dreams of the presumably opposite sex, but know of none more direct, or more highly motivating, than being the mother of sons.
My mother never saw the irony in calling me son of bitch.
to many mother's heart has come the disappointment of loss of power, limitation of influence when early manhood takes the boy from the home, or when even before that time, in school, or where he touches the great world and begins to be bewildered with its controversies, trade and economics and politics make their imprint even while his lips are dewy with his mother's kiss.
When was child, my mother said to me, If you become soldier, you'll be general. If you become monk you'll end up as the pope. Instead became painter and wound up as Picasso.
wise son makes glad father, But foolish son is the grief of his mother. wise son makes father glad, But foolish man despises his mother.
Let France have good mothers, and she will have good sons.
Mothers see the angel in us because the angel is there. If it's shown to the mother, the son has got an angel to show, hasn't he When son cuts somebody's throat the mother only sees it's possible for misguided angel to act like devil and she's entirely right about that.
Having child makes you realize the importance of life narcissism goes out the window. Heaven on earth is looking at my little boy. The minute he was born, knew if never did anything other than being mom, I'd be fine.
boy's best friend is his mother.
boy needs his mother respect. Not only her love, but also her respect.
often scratch my head in bewilderment over the lack of understanding of mothers about their precious baby boys. They love their sons more than they love their very lives, but they readily confess ignorance and confusion.
dripping June sets all in tune.
short horse is soon curried.
Nature is the art of God.
No man fears what he has seen grow.
Of all the plants that cover the earth and lie like fringe of hair upon the body of our grandmother, try to obtain knowledge that you may be strengthened in life.
One step leads to another.
One swallow never makes summer.
The afternoon knows what the morning never expected.
The day has eyes the night has ears.
The early bird gets the worm, the second mouse gets the cheese.
The earth has music for those who listen.
The sap rises in the spring.
The shoemaker's children have no shoes.
When the wind is in the east, tis neither good for man nor beast.
You can drive out nature with pitchfork but she keeps on coming back.
Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better.
There is pleasure in the pathless woods, there is rapture in the lonely shore, there is society where none intrudes, by the deep sea, and music in its roar love not Man the less, but Nature more.
Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished.
Nature always wears the colors of the spirit.
In all things of nature there is something of the marvelous.
Adopt the pace of nature her secret is patience.
love to think of nature as an unlimited broadcasting station, through which God speaks to us every hour, if we will only tune in.
Climb the mountains and get their good tidings. Nature's peace will flow into you as sunshine flows into trees. The winds will blow their own freshness into you, and the storms their energy, while cares will drop off like autumn leaves. As age comes on, one source of enjoyment after another is closed, but Nature's sources never fail.
believe that there is subtle magnetism in Nature, which, if we unconsciously yield to it, will direct us aright.
Never does nature say one thing and wisdom another.
I've always regarded nature as the clothing of God.
If you truly love nature, you will find beauty everywhere.
Some of nature's most exquisite handiwork is on miniature scale, as anyone knows who has applied magnifying glass to snowflake.
The beauty of the natural world lies in the details.
There is new life in the soil for every man. There is healing in the trees for tired minds and for our overburdened spirits, there is strength in the hills, if only we will lift up our eyes. Remember that nature is your great restorer.
All those who love Nature she loves in return, and will richly reward, not perhaps with the good things, as they are commonly called, but with the best things of this world not with money and titles, horses and carriages, but with bright and happy thoughts, contentment and peace of mind.
Man is Nature's sole mistake.
Munificent nature follows the methods of the divine and true, and rounds all things to her perfect law. While nations are convulsed with blood and violence, how quietly the grass grows.
The best remedy for those who are afraid, lonely or unhappy is to go outside, somewhere where they can be quiet, alone with the heavens, nature and God. Because only then does one feel that all is as it should be and that God wishes to see people happy, amidst the simple beauty of nature.
Nature is indifferent to our love, but never unfaithful.
Nature is full of wonders every atom is standing miracle, and endowed with such qualities, as could not be impressed on it by power and wisdom less than infinite.
Chaos was the law of nature Order was the dream of man.
Lay aside all conceit. Learn to read the book of nature for yourself. Those who have succeeded best have followed for years some slim thread which has once in while broadended out and disclosed some treasure worth life long search.
Nature is the armory of genius. Cities serve it poorly, books and colleges at second hand the eye craves the spectacle of the horizon of mountain, ocean, river and plain, the clouds and stars actual contact with the elements, sympathy with the seasons as they rise and roll.
Nature has been for me, for as long as remember, source of solace, inspiration, adventure, and delight home, teacher, companion.
Adapt or perish, now as ever, is nature's inexorable imperative.
You think Nature is some Disney movie Nature is killer. It's feeding time out there 24 hours day, every step that you take is gamble with death. If it isn't getting hit with lightning today, it's an earthquake tomorrow or some deer tick carrying Lime disease. Either way, you're ending up on the wrong end of the food chain.
In nature there are neither rewards or punishments there are consequences.
It's amazing how quickly nature consumes human places after we turn our backs on them. Life is hungry thing.
Nature gives to every time and season some beauties of its own.
The fairest thing in nature, flower, still has its roots in earth and manure.
Nature is an infinite sphere whose center is everywhere and circumference nowhere.
We do not see nature with our eyes, but with our understandings and our hearts.
Nature is not place to visit. It is home.
Nature is pleased with simplicity. And nature is no dummy.
Spring is nature's way of saying, Let's party.
Nature is so powerful, so strong. Capturing its essence is not easy your work becomes dance with light and the weather. It takes you to place within yourself.
Nature will bear the closest inspection. She invites us to lay our eye level with her smallest leaf, and take an insect view of its plain.
Mother Nature is always speaking. She speaks in language understood within the peaceful mind of the sincere observer.
Nature is an endless combination and repetition of very few laws.
The laws of nature are written deep in the folds and faults of the earth. By encouraging men to learn those laws one can lead them further to knowledge of the author of all laws.
Nature abhors vacuum.
When one loses the deep intimate relationship with nature, then temples, mosques and churches become important.
The least movement is of importance to all nature. The entire ocean is affected by pebble.
Nature uses human imagination to lift her work of creation to even higher levels.
Nature is trying very hard to make us succeed, but nature does not depend on us. We are not the only experiment.
Like music and art, love of nature is common language that can transcend political or social boundaries.
Nature is often hidden, sometimes overcome, seldom extinguished.
Expect Nature to answer to your human values as to come into your house and sit in chair. The economy of nature, its checks and balances, its measurements of competing life all this is its great marvel and has an ethic of its own.
Seeing the glass as half empty is more positive than seeing it as half full. Through such lens the only choice is to pour more. That is righteous pessimism.
Negativity is cannibalistic. The more you feed it, the bigger and stronger it grows.
Nobody can motivate himself in positive direction by continually using negative words.
There are some people who always seem angry and continuously look for conflict. Walk away the battle they are fighting isn't with you, it is with themselves.
will not let anyone walk through my mind with their dirty feet.
pessimist is man who thinks everybody is as nasty as himself, and hates them for it.
pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
Don't believe in pessimism. If something doesn't come up the way you want, forge ahead. If you think it's going to rain, it will.
Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.
Negative words are powerful boomerangs so be careful what you say about people and yourself.
Negativity is the enemy of creativity.
Nothing can doom man but the belief in doom, for this prevents the movement of return.
Negativity is an addiction to the bleak shadow that lingers around every human form you can transfigure negativity by turning it toward the light of your soul.
All negativity is an illusion created by the limited mind to protect and defend itself.
Dwelling on the negative simply contributes to its power.
To expect defeat is nine tenths of defeat itself.
The greatest griefs are those we cause ourselves.
Forget your sadness, anger, grudges and hatred. Let them pass like smoke caught in breeze. Do not indulge yourself in such feelings.
The heaviest thing can carry is grudge.
Some people grumble that roses have thorns am grateful that thorns have roses.
Stop letting people who do so little for you control so much of your mind, feelings and emotions.
Worry deprives you of strength and makes everything much worse, than what actually is.
Fear is that little dark room where negatives are developed.
He who has never hoped, can never despair.
The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be only the beginning.
The mind acts like an enemy for those who do not control it.
Stop allowing other people to dilute or poison your day with their words or opinions.
Criticism does not make you smarter or better than the one you are criticizing. In fact, the stuff you are critical of in others is the same stuff you don't like about yourself.
The more you dwell on what you don't have, the more you get what you don't want.
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.
feel uncomfortable because I'm insecure about who am.
However vast the darkness, we must supply our own Light.
The best way of removing negativity is to laugh and be joyous.
No one can create negativity or stress within you. Only you can do that by virtue of how you process your world.
All negativity is caused by an accumulation of psychological time and denial of the present.
When someone tells me no, it doesn't mean can't do it, it simply means can't do it with them.
lot of people will ignore positive words when they are down and accept negative words. Those people never get better.
People who project negativity typically have low self esteem. They feel badly about themselves, and their negativity is simply reflection of those feelings.
Negativity can only feed on negativity.
Sensitive souls draw in the negativity of others because they are so open.
Living in the past is dull and lonely business looking back strains the neck muscles, and causes you to bump into people not going your way.
The worst loneliness is not to be comfortable with yourself.
If you don't know the struggle, you don't know your strength.
Some men have thousands of reasons why they cannot do what they want to, when all they need is one reason why they can.
Adopting the right attitude can convert negative stress into positive one.
The mass of men lead lives of quiet desperation.
The chip on my shoulder's little heavy. have back problems now.
Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding.
We must all suffer from one of two pains the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. The difference is discipline weighs ounces while regret weighs tons.
Without pain, there would be no suffering, without suffering we would never learn from our mistakes. To make it right, pain and suffering is the key to all windows, without it, there is no way of life.
Pain is temporary. It may last minute, or an hour, or day, or year, but eventually it will subside and something else will take its place. If quit, however, it lasts forever.
When you can't remember why you're hurt, that's when you're healed.
have learned now that while those who speak about one's miseries usually hurt, those who keep silence hurt more.
Pain is such an uncomfortable feeling that even tiny amount of it is enough to ruin every enjoyment.
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.
Pain is what the world inflicts upon us. Suffering is our emotional reaction when we fail to make the difficult conscious choice to choose Joy.
If you aren't in the moment, you are either looking forward to uncertainty, or back to pain and regret.
God gave us pain to remind us we are alive, so we will learn to value the joys and beauty of the world.
Much of your pain is the bitter potion by which the physician within you heals your sick self.
An hour of pain is as long as day of pleasure.
Pain and pleasure like light and darkness, succeed each other.
Pain is immune to empathy. like love.
Pain is like love affair. When it over it over.
People in pain are like the wandering minstrels of the Renaissance. Any occupied space becomes their court. If the story told often enough, perhaps the demons will become manifest. Made visible and mastered though words.
Even pain has its joy.
The pain of the little finger is felt by the whole body.
Pain is the only evil know about. It the only one can fight.
Sometimes pain can drive man harder than pleasure.
He was wise to the ways of pain. He had to be, for he felt none.
It is our suffering that brings us together. It is not love. Love does not obey the mind, and turns to hate when forced. The bond that binds us is beyond choice. We are brothers. We are brothers in what we share. In pain, which each of us must suffer alone, in hunger, in poverty, in hope, we know our brotherhood.
The best way of handling pain was to study it objectively.
Pain can be controlled, you just disconnect it.
Who can remember pain, once it over All that remains of it is shadow, not in the mind even, in the flesh. Pain larks you, but too deep to see.
Pain is the universe unguarded.
Pain is the substance of life and the root of personality, because only suffering is person.
There is nothing more suitable for the purposes of the universe than pain never day when you suffer is lost day.
Men are more sensitive to pain than to pleasures.
The human soul is ashamed of itself when it is overcome by pleasure or pain.
Top results are achieved only through pain. But eventually you like this pain.
willing to accept any kind of pain to win race.
The marks humans leave are too often scars.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
Some old wounds never truly heal, and bleed again at the slightest word.
Wisdom is nothing more than healed pain.
have found the paradox, that if you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love.
No pain, no palm no thorns, no throne no gall, no glory no cross, no crown.
Pain has its own noble joy, when it starts strong consciousness of life, from stagnant one.
Pain nourishes courage. You can't be brave if you've only had wonderful things happen to you.
Nobody can hurt me without my permission.
The pain of the mind is worse than the pain of the body.
There are no gains without pains.
There is no coming to consciousness without pain.
One of the greatest pains to human nature is the pain of new idea.
Out of pain and problems have come the sweetest songs, and the most gripping stories.
Find place inside where there's joy and the joy will burn out the pain.
Pain is filtered in poem so that it becomes finally, in the end, pleasure.
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey.
Recovery begins with embracing our pain and taking the risk to share it with others. We do this by joining group and talking about our pain.
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.
Looking for perfection is the only way to motivate yourself.
The pursuit of perfection often impedes improvement.
If you look for perfection, you'll never be content.
Perfection is finally attained not when there is no longer anything to add but when there is no longer anything to take away, when body has been stripped down to its nakedness.
When you aim for perfection, you discover it's moving target.
The closest to perfection person ever comes is when he fills out job application form.
Always live up to your standards by lowering them, if necessary.
It's not that perfection cannot be achieved. It's that it's so hard to stop there.
beat myself up every day, without so much as scratch.
To accomplish the perfect perfection, little imperfection helps.
It is only imperfection that complains of what is imperfect. The more perfect we are the more gentle and quiet we become towards the defects of others.
Perfection is not just about control. It's also about letting go. Surprise yourself so you can surprise the audience.
Perfection irritates as well as it attracts, in fiction as in life.
Perfection is attained by slow degrees it requires the hand of time.
Perfection cannot be defined or seen it can only be found in your heart.
Perfection is road, not destination. Every time live, get an education.
Perfectionism is not quest for the best. It is pursuit of the worst in ourselves, the part that tells us that nothing we do will ever be good enough that we should try again.
To demand perfection is sure way to be disappointed in everybody, for you will be bound to think ill of others.
Have no fear of perfection you'll never reach it.
The condition of perfection is idleness the aim of perfection is youth.
Instead of waiting for perfection, run with what you do, and fix it along the way.
Perfection is boring. If face doesn't have mistakes, it's nothing.
If you chase perfection, you often catch excellence.
Perfection doesn't exist in anyone. Striving for perfection in any part of our lives is recipe for failure, since it can never be attained.
It is reasonable to have perfection in our eye that we may always advance toward it, though we know it can never be reached.
Out of perfection nothing can be made. Every process involves breaking something up.
Perfection is trifle dull. It is not the least of life's ironies that this, which we all aim at, is better not quite achieved.
Perfection consists not in doing extraordinary things, but in doing ordinary things extraordinarily well.
Perfect is determined in shortened measures of time, not over long periods of time or lifetimes. It would be unnatural.
Perfection is man's ultimate illusion. It simply doesn't exist in the universe. If you are perfectionist, you are guaranteed to be loser in whatever you do.
Perfection is perfectly simple fouling things up requires true skill.
Perfection is worth striving for, even if it is ultimately unattainable in this life.
So much perfection argues rottenness somewhere.
Fix your eyes on perfection and you make almost everything speed towards it.
No one ever approaches perfection except by stealth, and unknown to themselves.
Perfection is an undiscovered jewel.
Producing perfection from imperfection is, after all, the highest of art forms.
certain type of perfection can only be realized through limitless accumulation of the imperfect.
Perfection is immutable. But for things imperfect, change is the way to perfect them.
We adore perfection because we can't have it it would disgust us if we had it. Perfect is inhuman, because human is imperfect.
The thing about perfection is it's unknowable. It's impossible. But it's always right in front of you.
The more perfect thing is, the more susceptible to good and bad treatment it is.
The perfecting of one's self is the fundamental base of all progress and all moral development.
The pursuit of perfection, then, is the pursuit of sweetness and light.
Perfection is the child of time.
Perfection itself is imperfection.
Perfection is terrible, it cannot have children.
Perfectionism is the voice of the oppressor.
The purpose of psychology is to give us wholly novel ideas about the things that we know best.
The brain is wider than the sky.
Psychology keeps trying to vindicate human nature. History keeps undermining the effort.
Introspection is always retrospection.
The chief difficulty for those who begin the study of scientific psychology is that all men indulge in popular psychology.
It is not easy to treat feelings scientifically.
The separation of psychology from the premises of biology is purely artificial, because the human psyche lives in indissoluble union with the body.
You are the creator of your own reality, and life can show up no other way than that way in which you think it will.
The greatest discovery of my generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind.
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts.
But psychology is more tricky field, in which even outstanding authorities have been known to run in circles, describing things which everyone knows in language which no one understands.
It is easier to understand mankind in general than any individual man.
The deepest principle in human nature is the craving to be appreciated.
Perception is clash of mind and eye, the eye believing what it sees, the mind seeing what it believes.
It seems pity that psychology has destroyed all our knowledge of human nature.
To the intelligent man with an interest in human nature it must often appear strange that so much of the energy of the scientific world has been spent on the study of the body and so little on the study of the mind.
Knowing reality means constructing systems of transformations that correspond, more or less adequately, to reality.
Nothing is so dangerous to the progress of the human mind than to assume that our views of science are ultimate, that there are no mysteries in nature, that our triumphs are complete and that there are no new worlds to conquer.
Learn one way react. Learn many ways understand.
When the mind is thinking it is talking to itself.
Idleness is the parent of psychology.
No one who, like me, conjures up the most evil of those half tamed demons that inhabit the human breast, and seeks to wrestle with them, can expect to come through the struggle unscathed.
Genuine feelings cannot be produced, nor can they be eradicated. We can only repress them, delude ourselves, and deceive our bodies. The body sticks to the facts.
Cognitive psychology tells us that the unaided human mind is vulnerable to many fallacies and illusions because of its reliance on its memory for vivid anecdotes rather than systematic statistics.
large part of the popularity and persuasiveness of psychology comes from its being sublimated spiritualism secular, ostensibly scientific way of affirming the primacy of spirit over matter.
Great spirits have often overcome violent opposition from mediocre minds.
Hence, wherever we meet with vital phenomena that present the two aspects, physical and psychical there naturally arises question as to the relations in which these aspects stand to each other.
Seeing ourselves as others see us would probably confirm our worst suspicions about them.
No man's knowledge here can go beyond his experience.
Ultimately, man should not ask what the meaning of his life is, but rather he must recognize that it is he who is asked. In word, each man is questioned by life and he can only answer to life by answering for his own life to life he can only respond by being responsible.
Make the most of your regrets never smother your sorrow, but tend and cherish it till it comes to have separate and integral interest. To regret deeply is to live afresh.
Many of us crucify ourselves between two thieves regret for the past and fear of the future.
Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable.
Regret of neglected opportunity is the worst hell that living soul can inhabit.
Life is too short, time is too precious, and the stakes are too high to dwell on what might have been.
Regret is an appalling waste of energy, you can't build on it it's only good for wallowing in.
man has cause for regret only when he sows and no one reaps.
It's not what your are, it's what you don't become that hurts.
Maybe all one can do is hope to end up with the right regrets.
Nobody who ever gave his best regretted it.
One doesn't recognize the really important moments in one's life until it's too late.
The bitterest tears shed over graves are for words left unsaid and deeds left undone.
man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams.
When one door closes, another opens but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that we do not see the one which has opened for us.
Regrets are idle yet history is one long regret. Everything might have turned out so differently.
Forget regret, or life is yours to miss.
For of all sad words of tongue or pen, The saddest are these It might have been.
Something you need most might be something you turn away from, something you turn away from might be something you regret, and something you regret, in the end, might cost you the one chance you ever had.
Never regret. If it's good, it's wonderful. If it's bad, it's experience.
If only. Those must be the two saddest words in the world.
We have to let go of all blame, all attacking, all judging, to free our inner selves to attract what we say we want.
Regret is an unavoidable result of any loss, for in loss we lose the tomorrow that we needed to make right our yesterday or today.
Often regret is very false and displaced, and imagines the past to be totally other than it was.
Remorse is the poison of life.
In history as in human life, regret does not bring back lost moment and thousand years will not recover something lost in single hour.
We should regret our mistakes and learn from them, but never carry them forward into the future with us.
Nobody gets to live life backward. Look ahead, that is where your future lies.
have always found that each step we take in life is to be regretted if we once begin to wonder how many other steps might have been possible.
Let the dead Past bury its dead.
Looking back, have this to regret, that too often when loved, did not say so.
Looking back, have this to regret, that too often when loved, did not say so.
Reflect upon your present blessings, of which every man has many not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some.
They say you should not suffer through the past. You should be able to wear it like loose garment, take it off and let it drop.
We must all suffer one of two things the pain of discipline or the pain of regret or disappointment.
Every man is guilty of all the good he didn't do.
Regret is an odd emotion because it comes only upon reflection. Regret lacks immediacy, and so its power seldom influences events when it could do some good.
have no regrets in my life. think that everything happens to you for reason. The hard times that you go through build character, making you much stronger person.
Never look back and regret, look back and smile at what you have learned.
Regrets only apply when we don't learn from situation. No sense looking back, look forward with new knowledge and no regret.
When we lose one we love, our bitterest tears are called forth by the memory of hours when we loved not enough.
Consider mistakes nothing more than detours on the way to success. Learn from them, and then go on.
Do not spend your youth, wandering, lost in your field of daydreams you may wake up spending the rest of your life stranded on the path of regretful nightmares.
Regrets are the tears of choices not made and of good deeds left undone.
Only in your imagination can you revise.
Make it rule of life never to regret and never to look back.
Regrets are idle yet history is one long regret. Everything might have turned out so differently.
Spend time with those you love. One of these days you will say either, wish had, or I'm glad did.
It's better to look ahead and prepare than to look back and regret.
Regret for wasted time is more wasted time.
If we spend our time with regrets over yesterday, and worries over what might happen tomorrow, we have no today in which to live.
Reflect upon your present blessings, of which every man has many not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some.
They say you should not suffer through the past. You should be able to wear it like loose garment, take it off and let it drop.
We must all suffer one of two things the pain of discipline or the pain of regret or disappointment.
Every man is guilty of all the good he didn't do.
Regret is an odd emotion because it comes only upon reflection. Regret lacks immediacy, and so its power seldom influences events when it could do some good.
have no regrets in my life. think that everything happens to you for reason. The hard times that you go through build character, making you much stronger person.
Never look back and regret, look back and smile at what you have learned.
Regrets only apply when we don't learn from situation. No sense looking back, look forward with new knowledge and no regret.
When we lose one we love, our bitterest tears are called forth by the memory of hours when we loved not enough.
Consider mistakes nothing more than detours on the way to success. Learn from them, and then go on.
Do not spend your youth, wandering, lost in your field of daydreams you may wake up spending the rest of your life stranded on the path of regretful nightmares.
Regrets are the tears of choices not made and of good deeds left undone.
We all make mistakes, have struggles, and even regret things in our past. But you are not your mistakes, you are not your struggles, and you are here NOW with the power to shape your day and your future.
The mistakes I've made are dead to me. But can't take back the things never did.
It is human nature to want to go back and fix things or change things that we regret.
Only in your imagination can you revise.
Make it rule of life never to regret and never to look back.
Regrets are idle yet history is one long regret. Everything might have turned out so differently.
Spend time with those you love. One of these days you will say either, wish had, or I'm glad did.
It's better to look ahead and prepare than to look back and regret.
Regret for wasted time is more wasted time.
If we spend our time with regrets over yesterday, and worries over what might happen tomorrow, we have no today in which to live.
I've got bad case of the 00 am guilts you know, when you lie in bed awake and replay all those things you didn't do right Because, as we all know, nothing solves insomnia like nice warm glass of regret, depression and self loathing.
Our biggest regrets are not for the things we have done but for the things we haven't done.
Regretting the moments took for granted, Moments when was eaten by pride and hatred. What if had told you what feel Would it change my life's wheel.
Regrets only apply when we don't learn from situation. No sense looking back, look forward with new knowledge and no regret.
would rather regret the things that have done than the things that have not.
Live in the present tense, facing the duty at hand without regret for the past or worry over the future.
The bitterest tears shed over graves are for words left unsaid and deeds left undone.
If only. Those must be the two saddest words in the world.
Some choices we live not only once but thousand times over, remembering them for the rest of our lives.
man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams.
When one door closes, another opens but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that we do not see the one which has opened for us.
Regret for time wasted can become power for good in the time that remains, if we will only stop the waste and the idle, useless regretting.
Remorse is virtue's root its fair increase are fruits of innocence and blessedness.
Remorse. Never yield to remorse, but at once tell yourself remorse would simply mean adding to the first act of stupidity second.
At the end of the day, let there be no excuses, no explanations, no regrets.
Never regret. If it's good, it's wonderful. If it's bad, it's experience.
regret that it takes life to learn how to live.
We must all suffer from one of two pains the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. The difference is discipline weighs ounces while regret weighs tons.
Many of us crucify ourselves between two thieves regret for the past and fear of the future.
have no regrets in my life. think that everything happens to you for reason. The hard times that you go through build character, making you much stronger person.
would much rather have regrets about not doing what people said, than regretting not doing what my heart led me to and wondering what life had been like if I'd just been myself.
Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable.
Forget regret, or life is yours to miss.
Regret is an unavoidable result of any loss, for in loss we lose the tomorrow that we needed to make right our yesterday or today.
Often regret is very false and displaced, and imagines the past to be totally other than it was.
Remorse is the poison of life.
In history as in human life, regret does not bring back lost moment and thousand years will not recover something lost in single hour.
Is it really so difficult to tell good action from bad one think one usually knows right away or moment afterward, in horrid flash of regret.
The What ifs and the should have's will eat your brain.
Don't let the past steal your present.
Don't let yesterday use up too much of today.
think don't regret single excess of my responsive youth only regret, in my chilled age, certain occasions and possibilities didn't embrace.
To feel today what one felt yesterday isn't to feel it's to remember today what was felt yesterday, to be today's living corpse of what yesterday was lived and lost.
Footfalls echo in the memory Down the passage which we did not take Towards the door we never opened Into the rose garden.
do not regret the things I've done, but those did not do.
Life is short. Break the rules, forgive quickly, kiss slowly, love truly, laugh uncontrollably, and never regret anything that made you smile.
Never regret anything that has happened in your life. It cannot be changed, undone, or forgotten. So take it as lesson learned, and move on.
Never regret anything that makes you smile.
Always do your best. Your best is going to change from moment to moment. Under any circumstances, simply do your best and you will avoid self judgement, self abuse and regret.
Regret for wasted time is more wasted time.
see it all perfectly there are two possible situations one can either do this or that. My honest opinion and my friendly advice is this do it or do not do it you will regret both.
Regret for wasted time can become power for good in the time that remains, if we will only stop the waste and the idle, useless regretting.
We all make mistakes, have struggles, and even regret things in our past. But you are not your mistakes, you are not your struggles, and you are here NOW with the power to shape your day and your future.
have no regrets. wouldn't have lived my life the way did if was going to worry about what people were going to say.
He who has regrets cannot look at himself in the mirror.
Regrets are the natural property of grey hairs.
Regrets and recriminations only hurt your soul.
You can have immediate regrets, but if you look at stuff and say, Things happen for reason there's fatalistic thing about it. Something will happen that will justify it in some way.
Regrets are the tears of good deeds left undone.
The regrets and resentments etched in heart remain until they are cleansed away with love.
Be too busy to have time for regrets.
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you'll ever regret.
You'll regret opening your mouth. You'll rarely regret keeping it shut.
Sometimes when you sacrifice something precious, you're not really losing it. You're just passing it on to someone else.
guess that's just part of loving people You have to give things up. Sometimes you even have to give them up.
She taught me all about real sacrifice. That it should be done from love. That it should be done from necessity, not without exhausting all other options. That it should be done for people who need your strength because they don't have enough of their own.
It's not hard to decide what you want your life to be about. What's hard, she said, is figuring out what you're willing to give up in order to do the things you really care about.
Nobody knows you as well as our spouse. And that means no one will be quicker to recognize change when you deliberately start sacrificing your wants and wishes to make sure his or her needs are met.
The ultimate test of man's conscience may be his willingness to sacrifice something today for future generations whose words of thanks will not be heard.
People who put themselves on the line and sacrifice their own safety for the greater good and for others, and anyone in any profession whose concern is the welfare for other people instead of the individual, are inspiring and important.
Some day you will find out that there is far more happiness in another's happiness than in your own.
Doing the right thing for someone else occasionally means doing something that feels wrong to you.
Sometimes we have to step down to help somebody up, not because we failed to go up, but as humble sacrifice to save great soul.
The sacrifice which causes sorrow to the doer of the sacrifice is no sacrifice. Real sacrifice lightens the mind of the doer and gives him sense of peace and joy. The Buddha gave up the pleasures of life because they had become painful to him.
Whenever you feel compelled to put others first at the expense of yourself, you are denying your own reality, your own identity.
For was sure of one thing, it wasn't always the hero who saved the world. It was the person most willing to die first.
Regardless of what the advertising campaigns may tell us, we can't have it all. Sacrifice is not an option, or an anachronism it's fact of life. We all cut off our own limbs to burn on some altar. The crucial thing is to choose an altar that's worth it and limb you can accept losing. To go consenting to the sacrifice.
Sacrifice is part of life. It's supposed to be. It's not something to regret. It's something to aspire to. Little sacrifices. Big sacrifices. mother works so her son can go to school. daughter moves home to take care of her sick father.
As soon as sacrifice becomes duty and necessity to mankind. see no limit to the horizon which opens before him.
One half of knowing what you want is knowing what you must give up before you get it.
Sacrifice still exists everywhere, and everywhere the elect of each generation suffers for the salvation of the rest.
What we do for ourselves dies with us. What we do for others and the world remains and is immortal.
Life becomes harder for us when we live for others, but it also becomes richer and happier.
am thankful that in the giving we receive, and what we receive is the satisfaction of knowing that whatever we give is always bigger once we've given it away.
Self sacrifice is the real miracle out of which all the reported miracles grow.
To put others in front of ourselves is to put God in front of everything.
All great things worth having require great sacrifice worth giving.
Occasionally in this life, we must give up or lose the things that we want in order to gain the things we really need.
They warn you that you're gonna have to make sacrifices, but guess that means different things to different people, like giving up something you really want now for something you've wanted your whole life, or spending less time on yourself, so you can spend more time with someone you love. At some point you might even have to give up your own sense of safety and well being, but after while it doesn't feel like you're giving up anything at all.
Real magic can never be made by offering someone else's liver. You must tear out your own, and not expect to get it back.
For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish, but have eternal life.
Brotherhood means laying down your life for somebody, really willing to sacrifice yourself for somebody else.
The most sublime act is to set another before you.
Everyone knows the beautiful story of Abraham and the sacrifice of Isaac. How this noble father led his child to the slaughter how Isaac meekly submitted how the farce went on till the lad was bound and laid on the altar, and how God then stopped the murder, and blessed the intending murderer for his willingness to commit the crime.
Giving yourself is the ultimate revolution.
Mom's eyes held yours for moment. don't like or dislike the kitchen. cooked because had to. had to stay in the kitchen so you could all eat and go to school. How could you only do what you like There are things you have to do whether you like it or not. Mom's expression asked, What kind of question is that And then she murmured, If you only do what you like, who's going to do what you don't like.
If people knew what they were missing, they would give up everything they have to achieve it.
What we obtain too cheaply, we esteem too lightly it's dearness only that gives everthing its value.
Greater love hath no man than this, that man lay down his life for his friends.
The important thing is this To be able, at any moment, to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
Sometimes in life, you do things you don't want to. Sometimes you sacrifice, sometimes you compromise. Sometimes you let go and sometimes you fight. It's all about deciding what's worth losing and what's worth keeping.
Sacrifice, which is the passion of great souls, has never been the law of societies.
The Lord requires sacrifice, meaning something above and beyond the minimum. The Master spoke of the second mile and told us to go there. Why Because he wants to bless us, and he put all the blessings in the second mile.
Where excess lies, usually someone had to give something up for the other to get it.
wise man once said you can have anything in life, if you sacrifice everything else for it. What he meant is, nothing comes without price. So before you go into battle you better decide how much you're willing to lose.
Nothing great was ever achieved without personal sacrifice. You have to pay the price to realize your goals.
There's something tightly woven throughout the fabric of our humanity that runs entirely opposite to the baser instinct of looking out for our own good.
For you, and for any dear to you, would do anything. would embrace any sacrifice for you and for those dear to you. And when you see your own bright beauty springing up anew at your feet, think now and then that there is man who would give his life, to keep life you love beside you.
In order for you to receive, someone else has to give. That's called sacrifice.
Yet, there is sense of some deep sort that runs entirely contrary to human nature, that in putting ourselves first, we must by necessity put others first.
Sacrifice is the most beautiful situation and solution for all social problems.
The beginning and the decline of love are both marked by the embarrassment the lovers feel to be alone together.
You were as kind as you could be, and even though you're gone, you still mean the world to me.
You are my sweetest downfall. loved you first, loved you first.
It's funny how we feel so much but we cannot say word. We are screaming inside, but we can't be heard.
Well, I've been afraid of changing cause I've built my life around you. But time makes you bolder even children get older and I'm getting older too.
Love never dies natural death. It dies because we don't know how to replenish its source. It dies of blindness and errors and betrayals. It dies of illness and wounds it dies of weariness, of withering, of tarnishing.
will wait for you till the day can forget you or till the day you realize you cannot forget me.
There is distinct, awful pain that comes with loving someone more than they love you.
Walking alone is not difficult but when we have walked mile worth thousand years with someone then coming back alone is what is difficult.
There is no disguise which can hide love for long where it exists, or simulate it where it does not.
Ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation.
The walls we build around us to keep sadness out also keeps out the joy.
Loving can cost lot but not loving always costs more, and those who fear to love often find that want of love is an emptiness that robs the joy from life.
Relationships are like glass. Sometimes it's better to leave them broken than try to hurt yourself putting it back together.
If we must part forever, Give me but one kind word to think upon, And please myself with, while my heart's breaking.
Remember me with smiles and laughs, for that's how I'll remember you. If you can only remember me with sadness and tears, then don't remember me at all.
The magic of first love is our ignorance that it can ever end.
Where there is love there is pain.
To love anything is to realize that it might be lost.
Perhaps great love is never returned.
Falling out of love is very enlightening for short while you see the world with new eyes.
How do you know that love is gone If you said you would be there by seven, you get there by nine, and he or she has not called the police yet it gone.
You gave me wings to fly, then took away my sky.
To fall in love is to create religion that has fallible God.
Love without return is like question without an answer.
We must get our hearts broken sometimes. This is good sign, having broken heart. It means we have tried for something.
was never one to patiently pick up broken fragments and glue them together again and tell myself that the mended whole was as good as new. What is broken is broken and rather remember it as it was at its best than mend it and see the broken places as long as lived.
It so hard to forget pain, but it even harder to remember sweetness. We have no scar to show for happiness. We learn so little from peace.
Never love with all your heart, it only ends in breaking.
Everything is temporary if you give it enough time.
I'd never dreamed that I'd love somebody like you, and I'd never dreamed that I'd lose somebody like you.
Love of mine, someday you will die. but I'll be close behind. I'll follow you into the dark.
Part of me aches at the thought of her being so close yet so untouchable.
It is better to have loved and lost than never to have lost at all.
For all sad words of tongue and pen, the saddest are these, It might have been.
Some people are going to leave, but that's not the end of your story. That's the end of their part in your story.
Some of us think holding on makes us strong but sometimes it is letting go.
Heavy hearts, like heavy clouds in the sky, are best relieved by the letting of little water.
Let no one who loves be unhappy even love unreturned has its rainbow.
Love lies in those unsent drafts in your mailbox. Sometimes you wonder whether things would have been different if you'd clicked Send.
Sometimes wish were little kid again, skinned knees are easier to fix than broken hearts.
When love is lost, do not bow your head in sadness instead keep your head up high and gaze into heaven for that is where your broken heart has been sent to heal.
In the arithmetic of love, one plus one equals everything, and two minus one equals nothing.
Sometimes your eyes are not the only place the tears fall from.
Love is like puzzle. When you're in love, all the pieces fit but when your heart gets broken, it takes while to get everything back together.
Since can't be with you right now will have to be content just dreaming about when we will be together again.
Count the garden by the flowers, never by the leaves that fall. Count your life with smiles and not the tears that roll.
You flew off with the wings of my heart and left me flightless.
Ask me why keep on loving you when it's clear that you don't feel the same way for me. the problem is that as much as can't force you to love me, can't force myself to stop loving you.
One day you'll love me as love you. One day you'll think of me as think of you. One day you'll cry for me as cry for you. One day you'll want me, but won't want you.
It happens to everyone as they grow up. You find out who you are and what you want, and then you realize that people you've known forever don't see things the way you do. So you keep the wonderful memories, but find yourself moving on.
There is one pain, often feel, which you will never know. It's caused by the absence of you.
Let your tears come. Let them water your soul.
When one door closes another door opens but we so often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door, that we do not see the ones which open for us.
Time heals griefs and quarrels, for we change and are no longer the same persons.
They say follow your heart, but if your heart is in million pieces which piece do you follow.
When you think your first falling in love, just then you realize your falling out of love.
didn't ask for it to be over, but then again, never asked for it to begin. For that is the way it is with life, as some of the most beautiful days come completely by chance. But even the most beautiful days eventually have their sunsets.
The flame of love is now just cold loneliness.
It's sad when someone you know becomes someone you knew.
Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.
They say that time heals all wounds but all it's done so far is give me more time to think about how much miss you.
wish had the guts to walk away forget about what we had, but can't because know you won't come after me that's what hurts the most.
There is something beautiful about all scars of whatever nature. scar means the hurt is over, the wound is closed and healed, done with.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
The soul would have no rainbow had the eyes no tears.
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey.
broken heart is what makes life so wonderful five years later, when you see the guy in the elevator and he is fat and smoking cigar and saying Long time no see.
If you are going through hell, keep going.
Love lasts about seven years. That how long it takes for the cells of the body to totally replace themselves.
When feeling weak and my pain walks down one way street, look above and know ll always be blessed with love.
Cause you can't jump the track, we're like cars on cable, and life's like an hourglass, glued to the table. No one can find the rewind button, girl, so cradle your head in your hands and breathe. just breathe.
It's hard to believe that there's nobody out there. It's hard to believe that I'm all alone. At least have her love, the city she loves me. Lonely as am, together we cry.
Single is no longer lack of options but choice. choice to refuse to let your life be defined by your relationship status but to live every day Happily and let your Ever After work itself out.
Being single doesn't necessarily mean you're available. Sometimes you have to put up sign that says, Do Not Disturb on your heart.
If you really are going to be happy single, you have to stop treating being single as the annoying time that you pass between relationships and embrace it. Rather than focusing on what you lack, focus on what you have You.
My alone feels so good, I'll only have you if you're sweeter than my solitude.
never found companion that was so companionable as solitude.
busy, vibrant, goal oriented woman is so much more attractive than woman who waits around for man to validate her existence.
think it's very healthy to spend time alone. You need to know how to be alone and not defined by another person.
You do not need to be loved, not at the cost of yourself. The single relationship that is truly central and crucial in life is the relationship to the self. Of all the people you will know in lifetime, you are the only one you will never lose.
Yes, it virtue to grow and improve, but it important to remember that being single does not mean you re flawed and in need of fixing. Your relationship or lack thereof has little to do with your worth.
am happy every day, regardless of my relationship status, because understand that my happiness doesn come from relationship, it comes from within.
It high time we stopped thinking of families only in terms of couples, considering singles to be an anomaly something must be wrong when you get into your thirties and aren married or undeveloped appendages which need to be nurtured and brought into maturity in marriage.
If you can't take care of yourself, you can't take care of someone else.
love being single. can come and go as please and stay out as late as want to.
Single is not status. It is word that best describes person who is strong enough to live and enjoy life without depending on others.
If we seek paradise outside ourselves, we cannot have paradise in our hearts.
Single is an opportunity to live life on your own terms and not apologize.
He sleeps fastest who sleeps alone.
He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened.
don't like to be labeled as lonely just because am alone.
like being single, I'm always there when need me.
celebrate myself, and sing myself.
Being single doesn't mean that you know nothing about love. Sometimes being solo is wiser than being in false relationship.
If you aren't good at loving yourself, you will have difficult time loving anyone, since you'll resent the time and energy you give another person that you aren't even giving to yourself.
When we cannot bear to be alone, it means we do not properly value the only companion we will have from birth to death ourselves.
Being single entitles you to not ask someone's opinion before you do something to mess up your own room, your credit report or even your life.
think, therefore I'm single.
Some people think it's wrong, being single isn't right. But you hurt the right person you'll be wrong all your life.
Being single is about celebrating and appreciating your own space that you're in.
To go out with the setting sun on an empty beach is to truly embrace your solitude.
Solitude is the place of purification.
Nowhere can man find quieter or more untroubled retreat than in his own soul.
When went out or met people at parties, fielded questions like You seem normal. why are you still single which made me feel like had to defend myself just for showing up.
committed relationship seemed simpler than the nightmare in my mind was an outlier, fodder for mix of gossip and pity. was tired of watching other people travel to Thailand and expand their families via social media as lay in bed alone in my studio apartment with an old laptop and bad internet connection.
sister can be seen as someone who is both ourselves and very much not ourselves special kind of double.
sister is gift to the heart, friend to the spirit, golden thread to the meaning of life.
sister is your family. sister takes in pride with you. sister is your respectability. sister is like bra in your closet. She is like girl you can trust with all of your secrets. sister is always by your side.
sister smiles when one tells stories for she knows where the decoration has been added.
younger sister is someone to use as guinea pig in trying sledges and experimental go carts. Someone to send on messages to Mum. But someone who needs you who comes to you with bumped heads, grazed knees, tales of persecution. Someone who trusts you to defend her. Someone who thinks you know the answers to almost everything.
For there is no friend like sister, in calm or stormy weather, to cheer one on the tedious way, to fetch one if one goes astray, to lift one if one totters down, to strengthen whilst one stands.
How the hell do you sum up your sister in three minutes She's your twin and your polar opposite. She's your constant companion and your competition. She's your best friend and the biggest bitch in the world. She's everything you wish you could be and everything you wish you weren't.
If you don't understand how woman could both love her sister dearly and want to wring her neck at the same time, then you were probably an only child.
Sister. She is your mirror, shining back at you with world of possibilities. She is your witness, who sees you at your worst and best, and loves you anyway. She is your partner in crime, your midnight companion, someone who knows when you are smiling, even in the dark. She is your teacher, your defense attorney, your personal press agent, even your shrink. Some days, she's the reason you wish you were an only child.
Sisters annoy, interfere, criticize. Indulge in monumental sulks, in huffs, in snide remarks. Borrow. Break. Monopolize the bathroom. Are always underfoot. But if catastrophe should strike, sisters are there. Defending you against all comers.
Sisters are different. They heard the sobbing in the darkness. They lived through all your triumphs, all your favorites, all your loves and losses. They have no delusions. They lived with you too long. And so, when you achieve some victory, friends are delighted but sisters hold your hands in silence and shine with happiness. For they know the cost.
Sisters don't need words. They have perfected language of snarls and smiles and frowns and winks expressions of shocked surprise and incredulity and disbelief. Sniffs and snorts and gasps and sighs that can undermine any tale you're telling.
sister is little bit of childhood that can never be lost.
sister is both your mirror and your opposite.
Sister is God's way of proving He doesn't want us to walk alone.
sister is one who reaches for your hand and touches your heart.
Having sister is like having best friend you can't get rid of. You know whatever you do, they'll still be there.
Husbands come and go children come and eventually they go. Friends grow up and move away. But the one thing that's never lost is your sister.
Is solace anywhere more comforting than in the arms of sister.
More than Santa Claus, your sister knows when you've been bad and good.
Of two sisters one is always the watcher, one the dancer.
Sister is our first friend and second mother.
Sisters are always drying their hair. Locked into rooms, alone, they pose at the mirror, shoulders bare, trying this way and that their hair, or fly importunate down the stair to answer the telephone.
Sisters are best friends, they are advisors, they are teachers, and best of all they are people with whom you can talk with about anything someone you have special bond with.
Sisters are splendid and incredible siblings who tower our life with exuberance and responsiveness at all times.
Sisters share the scent and smells the feel of common childhood.
Sisters touch your heart in ways no other could. Sisters share. their hopes, their fears, their love, everything they have. Real friendship springs from their special bonds.
Sisters, as you know, also have unique relationship. This is the person who has known you your entire life, who should love you and stand by you no matter what, and yet it's your sister who knows exactly where to drive the knife to hurt you the most.
Sweet is the voice of sister in the season of sorrow.
The mildest, drowsiest sister has been known to turn tiger if her sibling is in trouble.
There is no better friend than sister. And there is no better sister than you.
We acquire friends and enemies, but our sisters come with the territory.
We are sisters. We will always be sisters. Our differences may never go away, but neither, for me, will our song.
What are sisters for if not to point out the things the rest of the world is too polite to mention.
When sisters stand shoulder to shoulder, who stands chance against us.
You can kid the world, but not your sister.
In the cookies of life, sisters are the chocolate chips.
Sister is probably the most competitive relationship within the family, but once the sisters are grown, it becomes the strongest relationship.
Sisters are different flowers from the same garden.
Sisters are for sharing laughter and wiping tears.
Sisters function as safety nets in chaotic world simply by being there for each other.
Sisters may share the same mother and father but appear to come from different families.
Sisters never quite forgive each other for what happened when they were five.
The best thing about having sister was that always had friend.
What's the good of news if you haven't sister to share it.
You keep your past by having sisters. As you get older, they're the only ones who don't get bored if you talk about your memories.
The snow doesn't give soft white damn whom it touches.
The snow began to fall again, drifting against the windows, politely begging entrance and then falling with disappointment to the ground.
lot of people like snow. find it to be an unnecessary freezing of water.
Snow falling soundlessly in the middle of the night will always fill my heart with sweet clarity.
Silently, like thoughts that come and go, the snowflakes fall, each one gem.
snow day literally and figuratively falls from the sky unbidden and seems like thing of wonder.
Snow provokes responses that reach back to childhood.
There's just something beautiful about walking in snow that nobody else has walked on. It makes you believe you're special.
The snow itself is lonely or, if you prefer, self sufficient. There is no other time when the whole world seems composed of one thing and one thing only.
Snowflakes are one of nature's most fragile things, but just look what they can do when they stick together.
leaned out one last time and caught snowflake on my tongue. They tasted so good, so pure and so divine, like nothing had ever tasted from the sky.
miss the snow. miss looking at it, walking in it, tasting it. used to love those days when it was so cold everyone else would be tucked away inside trying to stay warm. would be the only one out walking, so could look across the fields and see miles of snow without single footprint in it. It would be completely silent no cars, no birds singing, no doors slamming. Just silence and snow.
Snowing is an attempt of God to make the dirty world look clean.
Thank goodness for the first snow. It was reminder no matter how old you became and how much you'd seen, things could still be new if you were willing to believe they still mattered.
snowman is the perfect man. He's very well rounded and comes with his own broom.
With every falling flake, unique spark of interest falls from heaven.
The wonder of single snowflake outweighs the wisdom of million meteorologists.
Nature is full of genius, full of the divinity so that not snowflake escapes its fashioning hand.
The snow did not even whisper its way to earth, but seemed to salt the night with silence.
Snow makes cities innocent again, reveals the frailty of the human gesture against the void.
Life is like blanket of snow. Be careful how you step on it. Every step will show.
There's one good thing about snow, it makes your lawn look as nice as your neighbor's.
Snowmen fall from heaven. unassembled.
The snow is sparkling like million little suns.
Be like snow cold, but beautiful.
Snowflakes are kisses from heaven.
When snow falls, nature listens.
January brings the snow, makes our feet and fingers glow.
The very fact of snow is such an amazement.
Softball has given me so much in life. It's taught me the kind of person want to be, and given me sweet sisterhood. It even led me to my husband.
In softball Go hard every play. You don't want to leave anything behind and regret it years down the road that you didn't give it all when you could have.
We play this game softball with emotion and love. Coach always says Emotionally, physically, mentally come to the field prepared. Because if you don't bring that to the field, you're going to get beat.
It's softball is game of making great pitches at the right time, being opportunistic by getting run at the right time and playing good defense.
The softball gods giveth and the softball gods taketh away, but that evens out over the season.
It's not just any sport, it's not just throwing ball, hitting and running. live with the cheering of my players while I'm up to bat. live with the red stitches of the softball rubbing against my fingers when snap my wrist and let it fly. live with mistakes every day in it, and live learning them. live on the pitchers mound where need complete confidence in my self. live with snapping my wrist to the catcher and getting the batter out, perfect strike. live not only for my teammates, but for my self. live for fastpitch softball.
Softball Where good girls steal.
Like softball Life will always throw you curves, just keep fouling them off, the right pitch will come and when it does be prepared to run the bases.
When step into batter's box, the fans, the noise, the cheers, they all disappear. For that moment, the world is just battle between me and the pitcher. And more than anything, want to win.
It doesn't sparkle but guard this diamond with my life.
This game is about the long run. LIFE is about the long run. _Pick successes that can build your confidence_over time_and stay in the process. There is always light at the end of the tunnel, but you can't see the light if you fall into the trap of all the failures trying to pull you down.
Realize this We aren't going to be perfect with our outcomes results, in this game of failure we call softball. However, every time you are in pressure situation it's chance to prove that you're in the perfect frame of mind. The success and failure comes from being in the right frame of mind and giving yourself a_chance to have success when the big moment comes it doesn't always necessarily come with the outcome, despite what all eyes watching might think. Results will come once the frame of mind has been altered.
Take it one pitch at time. Take it one day at at time.
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game.
Try not to get lost in comparing yourself to others. Discover your gifts and let them shine Softball is amazing that way as sport. Everyone on the field has slightly different ability that makes them perfect for their position.
Sweat dries, blood clots, bones heal, suck it up princess. This is softball.
Softball isn't one woman sport, there's 11 other girls who become your sisters. And don't forget that you win as team and lose as team.
want my softball team to be more detached from the wins and losses and be more focused on doing the little things well. When you focus on getting the win, it can suffocate you, especially during the playoffs when the pressure gets thick.
There is way to play this game softball physically, but it's the mental part that's going to separate gold from silver and silver from bronze.
This game softball is game of inches. Sometimes they are going to go our way, and sometimes they aren't.
That's part of fast pitch softball, being able to move runners and execute the short game. _It's very quick game. _Sixty feet, you bobble it once, and these kids are going to be safe. You have to play quick, but you can't be in hurry.
What love about the game softball is that the game doesn't know who is supposed to win.
Everybody knows that pitching and defense win championships. It's all about defense. _It's that way in pretty much every sport. So if we can pitch and play defense we have chance at championship. _But you can also win quite few games by hitting.
One pitch can be the difference between win and loss, an error could be the difference.
The values learned on the playing field how to set goals, endure, take criticism and risks, become team players, use our beliefs, stay healthy, and deal with stress prepare us for life.
The team with the best athletes doesn't usually win. It's the team with the athletes who play best together.
One of the most awesome things about sports, particularly team sports, is that everything you need to do to be successful on the playing field carries over directly into life. In team sport you have to learn how to work together, to set goals, and then work toward those goals in productive way. You learn to be responsible and you learn how to not only depend on others, but also be independent so you can support others.
I'm not exceptionally fast or overly powerful. But have good work ethic, and make up for it by using technique and trying to be smarter.
Softball player girl who, once steps onto the field, is transformed from daddy's little girl_into fierce, unrelenting competitor who will stop at nothing in order to win game. Characteristically_with dirt all across her face, ratted sweaty hair, bloody knees, and dirt stained socks and uniform. She's diligent hard worker who knows the real meaning of teamwork, spirit, and fearing nothing. Contradictorily she personifies all of this while she still wears cute, color coordinated hair ribbons and sleeve straps.
am now, and will always be me. But when it comes time to step out onto that field, me gets little more dedicated, little more serious, and nobody stands in my way.
The soldier above all others prays for peace, for it is the soldier who must suffer and bear the deepest wounds and scars of war.
Soldiers are citizens of death's grey land, drawing no dividend from time's tomorrows.
Although soldier by profession, have never felt any sort of fondness for war, and have never advocated it, except as means of peace.
To be soldier one needs that special gene, that extra something, that enables person to jump into one on one combat, something, after all, that is unimaginable to most of us, as we are simply not brave enough.
Every soldier thinks something of the moral aspects of what he is doing. But all war is immoral and if you let that bother you, you're not good soldier.
The soldier's heart, the soldier's spirit, the soldier's soul, are everything. Unless the soldier's soul sustains him he cannot be relied on and will fail himself and his commander and his country in the end.
Soldiers, when committed to task, can't compromise. It's unrelenting devotion to the standards of duty and courage, absolute loyalty to others, not letting the task go until it's been done.
handful of soldiers is always better than mouthful of arguments.
Any soldier worth his salt should be antiwar. And still there are things worth fighting for.
Soldiers usually win the battles and generals get the credit for them.
Soldiers have many faults, but they have one redeeming merit they are never worshippers of force. Soldiers more than any other men are taught severely and systematically that might is not right.
Soldiers are men. most apt for all manner of services and best able to support and endure the infinite toils and continual hazards of war.
Soldiers are dreamers when the guns begin they think of firelit homes, clean beds, and wives.
soldier is he whose blood makes the glory of the general.
Ten soldiers wisely led will beat hundred without head.
If our soldiers are not overburdened with money, it is not because they have distaste for riches if their lives are not unduly long, it is not because they are disinclined to longevity.
The most vital quality soldier can possess is self confidence, utter, complete and bumptious.
Good soldiers never pass up chance to eat or sleep. They never know how much they'll be called on to do before the next chance.
You can always tell an old soldier by the inside of his holsters and cartridge boxes. The young ones carry pistols and cartridges the old ones, grub.
If my soldiers were to begin to think, not one of them would remain in the army.
Our soldiers have nobly fought to protect freedom since our country's birth, and have fought to protect those that could not protect themselves, even in foreign lands when called upon.
mean the only thing us dead soldiers got in common is that none of us was good enough or lucky enough to survive the fight. We're host of failures.
Every soldier must know, before he goes into battle, how the little battle he is to fight fits into the larger picture, and how the success of his fighting will influence the battle as whole.
Do you know what soldier is, young man He's the chap who makes it possible for civilised folk to despise war.
With courage and character, American soldiers continue to put themselves on the line to defend our freedom, and so many have paid the ultimate sacrifice.
Soldiers are not policemen, and it's very unfair, even for those soldiers who have some police training, to burden them with police duties. It's not what they're trained for, or equipped for.
One doesn't become soldier in week it takes training, study and discipline. There is no question that the finest Army in the world is found in the United States.
The courage of soldier is heightened by his knowledge of his profession.
soldier will fight long and hard for bit of colored ribbon.
Old soldiers never die they just fade away.
Soldiers willingly, sometimes foolishly, risk their own lives to keep their comrades out of enemy hands.
All soldiers who serve their country and put their lives at risk need to know that if something happens to them, their families will be well taken care of. That's the bond we have with our military men and women and their families.
That soldiers do terrible things during wartime should not surprise us.
You cannot expect soldiers to change people's minds. That has to be done in other ways.
think soldiers are not just one homogenous group, just like Americans aren't. They all have different feelings about the war.
Being soldier, fighting for this country, is neither Republican nor Democrat.
The first virtue in soldier is endurance of fatigue courage is only the second virtue.
professional soldier understands that war means killing people, war means maiming people, war means families left without fathers and mothers.
There's something about an American soldier you can't explain. They're so grateful for anything, even film actress coming to see them.
The courage of soldier is found to be the cheapest and most common quality of human nature.
Austrian soldiers are like horses brave but easily frightened.
When goods do not cross borders, soldiers will.
believe German soldiers are good and decent, and if they did anything wrong it was because of military necessity.
am Soldier, fight where am told, and win where fight.
The soldier's main enemy is not the opposing soldier, but his own commander.
Self denial and self discipline, however, will be recognized as the outstanding qualities of good soldier.
To the soldier, luck is merely another word for skill.
That last page turned is perfect excuse to write whole new book.
Be willing to be beginner every single morning.
Don't worry about being worried. You're heading out on an adventure and you can always change your mind along the way and try something else.
Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
We must be willing to get rid of the life we've planned, so as to have the life that is waiting for us. The old skin has to be shed before the new one can come.
Oh, my friend, it's not what they take away from you that counts. It's what you do with what you have left.
Do not wait until the conditions are perfect to begin. Beginning makes the conditions perfect.
It's humbling to start fresh. It takes lot of courage. But it can be reinvigorating. You just have to put your ego on shelf tell it to be quiet.
It isn't always change of scenery needed to make life better. Sometimes it simply requires opening your eyes.
There are some things one can only achieve by deliberate leap in the opposite direction.
If must start somewhere, right here and now is the best place imaginable.
If God closes door AND window, consider the fact that it might be time to build whole new house.
journey of thousand miles begins with single step.
Recreate your life, always, always. Remove the stones, plant rose bushes and make sweets. Begin again.
Arriving at one goal is the starting point to another.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream new dream.
For last year's words belong to last year's language And next year's words await another voice. And to make an end is to make beginning.
Celebrate endings, for they precede new beginnings.
New beginnings are often disguised as painful endings.
Although no one can go back and make brand new start, anyone can start from now and make brand new ending.
Never forget, Today, you have 100 of your life left.
Start by doing what's necessary then do what's possible and suddenly you're doing the impossible.
If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one.
have always been delighted at the prospect of new day, fresh try, one more start, with perhaps bit of magic waiting somewhere behind the morning.
The secret to living the life of your dreams is to start living the life of your dreams today, in every little way you possibly can.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
If all you can do is crawl, start crawling.
Sunrise is God's way of saying, Let's start again.
Every day is new beginning. Treat it that way. Stay away from what might have been, and look at what can be.
The secret to change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new.
Every new beginning comes from some other beginnings end.
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
Starting all over again is not that bad because when you restart, you get another chance to make things right.
The first step towards getting somewhere is to decide you're not going to stay where you are.
It's never too late never too late to start over, never too late to be happy.
Begin your life today, and again tomorrow.
To change ones life Start immediately. Do it flamboyantly.
Making the beginning is one third of the work.
It is no disgrace to start all over. It is usually an opportunity.
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow.
The beginning is always today.
You raze the old to raise the new.
Rather than turning the page, it's much easier to just throw the book away.
Whatever you can do, or dream you can, Begin it. Boldness has genius, power and magic in it, Begin it now.
The distance is nothing it's only the first step that is difficult.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
Starting over can be challenging, but also it can be great opportunity to do things differently.
You leave old habits behind by starting out with the thought, release the need for this in my life.
Optimism is happiness magnet. If you stay positive, good things and good people will be drawn to you.
Keep your thoughts positive, because your thoughts become your words. Keep your words positive, because your words become your behavior. Keep your behavior positive, because your behavior become your habits. Keep your habits positive, because your habits.
Stay positive, all other choices are pointless punishments to your psyche.
If you are positive, you'll see opportunities instead of obstacles.
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
No matter what you're going through, there's light at the end of the tunnel and it may seem hard to get to it but you can do it and just keep working towards it and you'll find the positive side of things.
People deal too much with the negative, with what is wrong. Why not try and see positive things, to just touch those things and make them bloom.
lot of times people look at the negative side of what they feel they can't do. always look on the positive side of what can do.
You cannot change reality, but you can control the manner in which you look at things. Your attitude is under your own control. Weed out the negative and focus on the positive.
When it rains, it pours but soon, the sun shines again. Stay positive. Better days are on their way.
The positive thinker sees the invisible, feels the intangible, and achieves the impossible.
Stay positive in every situation and everything you do, never stop trying, have faith don't stop due to failure.
Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them.
Positive thinking is empowering, positive action is achieving.
In times of great stress or adversity, it's always best to keep busy, to plow your anger and your energy into something positive.
An attitude of positive expectation is the mark of the superior personality.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see shadow.
If you have positive attitude and constantly strive to give your best effort, eventually you will overcome your immediate problems and find you are ready for greater challenges.
Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine.
Negative people need drama like oxygen. Stay positive, it'll take their breath away.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
No matter what you face, don't forget if you're positive, positivity will find you and embrace you.
try and stay positive being negative isn't good for my personality. don't just bring myself down, bring everyone around me down. It's like dark cloud, Uh oh, here we go, and have to snap out of it.
Be positive with every idea surrounding your dreams. Think about the possibility of what you plan to do and approach it with an optimistic action. Stay positively.
have the ability to build myself up or break myself down. stay positive. Strength comes from within.
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
You will never succeed if you do not believe that you deserve what you want. Visualize your goal. Make an effort to go for it and always stay positive that it can be yours.
Positivity will block the negative thoughts that overwhelm you during tough times. Stay positive and you'll achieve more than what you set yourself for.
The positivity in our life is function of our thinking. So think positive, stay positive.
Be fanatically positive and militantly optimistic. If something is not to your liking, change your liking.
Positive anything is better than negative nothing.
Work hard, stay positive, and get up early. It's the best part of the day.
Delete the negative accentuate the positive.
Choosing to be positive and having grateful attitude is going to determine how you're going to live your life.
Always turn negative situation into positive situation.
Love yourself. It is important to stay positive because beauty comes from the inside out.
When you go through negative situation, don't think about it. Make it positive.
Surround yourself with positive people and situations, and avoid negativity.
If you absolutely can't stay positive, don't go negative, just cruise neutral for while until you can get back up.
STAYING POSITIVE does not mean that things will turn out okay. Rather it is knowing that YOU will be okay no matter how things turn out.
By choosing positivity you become contender for the human spirit giving hope to those in need.
It makes big difference in your life when you stay positive.
Have fun, be yourself, enjoy life and stay positive.
fantastic positive ATTITUDE makes great day SMILE.
Positive thoughts lead to positive results.
Before you leave the house, you need to make up your mind that you're going to stay positive and enjoy the day no matter what comes your way. You have to decide ahead of time.
If you tell yourself you feel fine, you will.
You can, you should, and if you're brave enough to start, you will.
Even in bad situation, there's always positive side. Even if you can't see it yet.
The most important thing is to stay positive.
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength.
Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men.
You never know how strong you are until being strong is the only choice you have.
Be strong, believe in who you are be strong, believe in what you feel.
If you feel lost, disappointed, hesitant, or weak, return to yourself, to who you are, here and now and when you get there, you will discover yourself, like lotus flower in full bloom, even in muddy pond, beautiful and strong.
Flexibility makes buildings to be stronger, imagine what it can do to your soul.
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, vision cleared, ambition inspired, and success achieved.
Never give in. never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honor and good sense. Never yield to force. never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy.
Life is, at times, tough. And all we need to do is to prove that we are tougher than it.
He who conquers others is strong He who conquers himself is mighty.
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling but in rising every time we fall.
The ultimate measure of man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.
When the world says, Give up, Hope whispers, Try it one more time.
When you come to the end of your rope, tie knot and hang on.
It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always.
Tough times never last, but tough people do.
Being strong doesn't mean that you can handle every difficult situation on your own, it means that you have the sense to ask God and others for help.
Inside of ring or out, ain't nothing wrong with going down. It's staying down that's wrong.
For tree to become tall it must grow tough roots among the rocks.
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.
When you're not sure if you're following the right path, when you've been knocked down few too many times, it's completely fine to get discouraged, hell even defeated. What's not okay is to stop.
We do not have to remain stuck in our trials We go through them and as daughters of the King, we can rise in the midst of dark, shaking moments.
The world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places.
Anyone can hide. Facing up to things, working through them, that's what makes you strong.
Stay strong, be brave, love hard and true, and you will have nothing to lose.
You've got to stay strong to be strong in tough times.
There's so many things that life is, and no matter how many breakthroughs, trials will exist and we're going to get through it. Just be strong.
Always be courageous and strong, and don't fear.
Build up your weaknesses until they become your strong points.
Be strong because things will get better. It may be stormy now but it never rains forever.
Pain is temporary The pain you feel today is only to get strength to face tomorrow.
Change is never easy. You fight to hold on. You fight to let go.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal it is the courage to continue that counts.
Build upon strengths, and weaknesses will gradually take care of themselves.
Obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
You have to accept whatever comes and the only important thing is that you meet it with courage and with the best that you have to give.
Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, will try again tomorrow.
Never say never, because limits, like fears, are often just an illusion.
The first step is you have to say that you can.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
When the going gets tough, the tough get going.
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today.
Problems are not stop signs they are guidelines.
No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path.
Facing it, always facing it, that's the way to get through. Face it.
Arise, awake and stop not till the goal is reached.
We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey.
am not afraid of storms, for am learning how to sail my ship.
Forget about all the reasons why something may not work. You only need to find one good reason why it will.
Remember everything is solvable and if you can't see solution, it only means you haven't worked it out yet.
Sometimes you don realize your own strength until you come face to face with your greatest weakness.
Fall down seven times, get up eight.
chain is no stronger than its weakest link.
firm tree does not fear the storm.
single arrow is easily broken bundle of ten is not.
Control your emotions or they will control you.
Eagles don't catch flies.
He that cannot endure the bad will not live to see the good.
If you ford river in crowd, the crocodiles won't get you. Ed. note If your lucky.
It ain't over til it's over.
It takes village to raise child.
Little strokes fell great oaks.
Our handicaps exist only in our minds.
Persuasion is better than force.
Rocks need no protection from the rain. Ed. Note Except over time.
Some of us think holding on makes us strong but sometimes it is letting go.
No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path.
The best way out is always through.
We gain strength, and courage, and confidence by each experience in which we really stop to look fear in the face. we must do that which we think we cannot.
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
That which does not kill us makes us stronger.
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
We are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided.
In the depth of winter, finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer.
Better to be strong than pretty and useless.
You have power over your mind not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.
We may get knocked down on the outside, but the key to living in victory is to learn how to get up on the inside.
Sometimes you don't realize your own strength until you come face to face with your greatest weakness.
Anyone can give up, it's the easiest thing in the world to do. But to hold it together when everyone else would understand if you fell apart, that's true strength.
Fall down seven times, get up eight.
The most beautiful people I've known are those who have known trials, have known struggles, have known loss, and have found their way out of the depths.
Strong people don't put people down. They lift them up.
You gotta stop wearing your wishbone where your backbone ought to be.
When you come to the end of your rope, tie knot and hang on.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world right in the eye.
We acquire the strength we have overcome.
Strength is matter of made up mind.
Few men during their lifetime come anywhere near exhausting the resources dwelling within them. There are deep wells of strength that are never used.
He who believes is strong he who doubts is weak. Strong convictions precede great actions.
Never say never, because limits, like fears, are often just an illusion.
You were given this life, because you are strong enough to live it.
Life will break you. Nobody can protect you from that, and living alone won't either, for solitude will also break you with its yearning. You have to love. You have to feel. It is the reason you are here on earth. You are here to risk your heart. You are here to be swallowed up. And when it happens that you are broken, or betrayed, or left, or hurt, or death brushes near, let yourself sit by an apple tree and listen to the apples falling all around you in heaps, wasting their sweetness. Tell yourself you tasted as many as you could.
If you always put limit on everything you do, physical or anything else. It will spread into your work and into your life. There are no limits. There are only plateaus, and you must not stay there, you must go beyond them.
If one dream should fall and break into thousand pieces, never be afraid to pick one of those pieces up and begin again.
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.
An attitude of positive expectation is the mark of the superior personality.
The only place where your dream becomes impossible is in your own thinking.
No matter what the situation, remind yourself have choice.
Look at day when you are supremely satisfied at the end. It's not day when you lounge around doing nothing it's when you've had everything to do, and you've done it.
Where there is no struggle, there is no strength.
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former.
Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change.
When stupid man is doing something he is ashamed of, he always declares that it is his duty.
The problem with educating stupid people was that they didn't know they were stupid. The same went for curing crazy people.
Stupid people will mistake your confidence for arrogance.
The problem with the world is that everyone does not have brain, but everyone does have tongue.
Talk sense to fool and he calls you foolish.
brainiac notices everything, an ignoramus comments about everything.
Never argue with stupid people, they will drag you down to their level and then beat you with experience.
Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped.
Get all the fools on your side and you can be elected to anything.
He is not only dull himself, but the cause of dulness in others.
The biggest cause of trouble in the world today is that the stupid people are so sure about things and the intelligent folks are so full of doubts.
Stupid people always think they are right. Wise people listen to advice.
Better to remain silent and be thought fool than to speak and to remove all doubt.
Showing off is the fool's idea of glory.
The real war is not between the West and the East. The real war is between intelligent and stupid people.
If you think your boss is stupid, remember you wouldn't have job if he was any smarter.
It is so pleasant to come across people more stupid than ourselves. We love them at once for being so.
Stupid people do make me lose my temper and most people are stupid, fortunately for me. It's made it easier for me to make living.
Most people would sooner die than start to think. In fact they do so.
Unintelligent people always look for scapegoat.
It costs to be stupid. The stupider you are, the more it costs.
An empty head is not really empty it is stuffed with rubbish. Hence the difficulty of forcing anything into an empty head.
just hate stupid people. They should have to wear signs that say I'm Stupid. That way you wouldn't rely on them, and you wouldn't ask them for nothing.
Although it is not true that all conservatives are stupid people, it is true that most stupid people are conservative.
If there are no stupid questions, then what kind of questions do stupid people ask Do they get smart just in time to ask questions.
An instructed and intelligent people are always more decent and orderly than an ignorant and stupid one.
Only stupid people don't change their minds.
Wise men create proverbs and fools repeat them.
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
Encourage, lift and strengthen one another. For the positive energy spread to one will be felt by us all. For we are connected, one and all.
If you want to support others you have to stay upright yourself.
It is an eternal obligation toward the human being not to let him suffer from hunger when one has chance of coming to his assistance.
He stands erect by bending over the fallen. He rises by lifting others.
It is kingly act to assist the fallen.
Never reach out your hand unless you're willing to extend an arm.
To keep lamp burning we have to keep putting oil in it.
Life's most urgent questions is What are you doing for others.
When person is down in the world, an ounce of help is better than pound of preaching.
The truest help we can render an afflicted man is not to take his burden from him, but to call out his best energy, that he may be able to bear the burden.
If you have much, give of your wealth if you have little, give of your heart.
Support the strong, give courage to the timid, remind the indifferent, and warn the opposed.
Help others achieve their dreams and you will achieve yours.
Our prime purpose in this life is to help others. And if you can't help them, at least don't hurt them.
Sometimes the only thing you could do for people was to be there.
Helping others isn't chore it is one of the greatest gifts there is.
To give aid to every poor man is far beyond the reach and power of every man. Care of the poor is incumbent on society as whole.
To aid life, leaving it free, however, that is the basic task of the educator.
Helping people getting great start in life, great foundation, is an investment.
Give, but give until it hurts.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
Look up and not down. Look forward and not back. Look out and not in, and lend hand.
Never look down on anybody unless you helping him up.
When you cease to make contribution, you begin to die.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
Everybody can be great. because anybody can serve. You don't have to have college degree to serve. You don't have to make your subject and verb agree to serve. You only need heart full of grace. soul generated by love.
You give but little when you give of your possessions. It is when you give of yourself that you truly give.
am only one, but still am one. cannot do everything, but still can do something and because cannot do everything, will not refuse to do something can do.
The greatest good you can do for another is not just share your riches, but reveal to them their own.
No one can whistle symphony. It takes whole orchestra to play it.
It takes community to maintain human.
It is not enough to help the feeble up, but to support him after.
Doing nothing for others is the undoing of ourselves.
Help one another there's no time like the present and no present like the time.
friend is the one who comes in when the whole world has gone out.
Never worry about numbers. Help one person at time, and always start with the person nearest you.
No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another.
If you're in the luckiest one per cent of humanity, you owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the other 99 per cent.
Those who are happiest are those who do the most for others.
It is literally true that you can succeed best and quickest by helping others to succeed.
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
There is no use whatever trying to help people who do not help themselves. You cannot push anyone up ladder unless he is willing to climb himself.
You can have everything you want in life if you just help enough people get what they want in life.
Make habit of two things to help or at least to do no harm.
Support the sick, but not the idle.
Your small support could accomplish big dream.
Helping someone is what life is all about.
There is no exercise better for the heart than reaching down and lifting people up.
No matter who or what you support, believe in supporting fairness first.
Surfing is for life.
The joy of surfing is so many things combined, from the physical exertion of it, to the challenge of it, to the mental side of the sport.
The best surfer out there is the one having the most fun.
Surfing's one of the few sports that you look ahead to see what's behind.
You cannot stop the waves, but you can learn to surf.
There are million ways to surf, and as long as you're smiling you're doing it right.
My passion for surfing was more than my fear of sharks.
Life is lot like surfing. When you get caught in the impact zone, you've got to just get back up. because you never know what may be the next wave.
Surfing is attitude dancing.
We're all equal before wave.
Your surfing can get better on every turn, on every wave you catch. Learn to read the ocean better. big part of my success has been wave knowledge.
If you're having bad day, catch wave.
One of the greatest things about the sport of surfing is that you need only three things your body, surf board, and wave.
Surfing is such an amazing concept. You're taking on Nature with little stick and saying, I'm gonna ride you And lot of times Nature says, No you're not and crashes you to the bottom.
Surfing is not an organized sport, but it does have rules. The surfer closest to the curl has the right of way.
Surfing, alone among sports, generates laughter at its very suggestion, and this is because it turns not skill into an art, but an inexplicable and useless urge into vital way of life.
Surfing expresses pure yearning for visceral, physical contact with the natural world.
The balance and patience factors are much more critical in surfing than they are in snowboarding if you're out surfing serious waves and you wipe out, you don't land on soft snow. It's usually either very sharp coral, or you get raked across the beach gravel and sand while you're tumbling underwater.
Surfing equates to living in the very moment of now When you ride wave you leave behind all things important and unimportant, the purity of the moment is upon you.
Three most important things in life, surf, surf and surf.
Surf and feel your life be changed forever.
There's an independence to surfing, it's just you and the ocean. There aren't bunch of rules.
One thing you learn from surfing is how to operate in the present. It's really what the surfing experience is all about.
There is wisdom in waves. Some surfers see it right away, others never do. To find success in surfing, we must learn to be in harmony with nature. This will bring sense of peace. By sharing this peace, and contributing to other people's happiness, we can find the true meaning of life. Keep surfing.
Surfing is good for the soul, worries seems to drift away as you scan the horizon for the next wave.
Surfing is like life. Every wave and every day are different.
For surfer, the fluidity of the ocean of being in it is what matters.
still feel like my best surfing is ahead of me.
Surfing gets your soul, once you feel the wave lift you up and thrust you forward you begin to realise how powerful but beautiful mother nature is and how vast the universe really is, this cant help but smile on your face in absolute awe of how beautiful it is to have participated in life.
Surfing is like golf You're always battling, and it keeps knocking you down. There are lot of wipeouts. But when you stay with it and catch that wave, you really taste it. It's magic.
The rule of surfing is never tell anyone where you go.
When the surfs up, your life is too.
The only one whom can whisper to you the ways of the surf, is the wind.
There are no more committed people on the planet than surfers. We fall down lot. We turn around, paddle back out, and do it over and over again. Unlike anything else in life, the stoke of surfing is so high that the failures quickly fade from memory.
Not to sound too deep or weird, but think that the times when you really appreciate surfing are the times you're really sort of becoming one with nature. Surfing's as raw of sport as it gets.
When life hands you lemons, you make lemonade. But when life hands you hurricanes, you go surfing.
Waves are toys from God.
When life gives you rough waves, surf'em.
Sometimes in the morning, when it's good surf, go out there, and don't feel like it's bad world.
feel my absolute best physically, mentally and spiritually when I'm surfing every day.
If in doubt, paddle out.
There is nothing, nothing, more sad than surfer who used to surf.
Never drive away from good surf.
I've always thought surfing is reflection of who you are.
don't think anyone gets to the end of their life and wishes they had surfed less.
Surfing for me is more than my lifestyle it's my passion, my love, and it's part of me.
In surfing, coming to terms with death or at least the possibility is an ongoing crisis in big waves. The set is building outside, and it's so beautiful, aesthetically. People are watching in awe from the beach the blue water, the stiff offshore winds, the 40 foot walls charging in from the open ocean. If you're out there with nothing but your body, your wits and surfboard, that set can be your coffin.
Surfing is the most blissful experience you can have on this planet, taste of heaven.
It looks easy, like surfing, but surfing is hard too.
I'm surfing the giant life wave.
man, as general rule, owes very little to what he is born with, man is what he makes himself.
Nobody is stronger, nobody is weaker than someone who came back. There is nothing you can do to such person because whatever you could do is less than what has already been done to him. We have already paid the price.
In spite of everything that was done to me and my race, in spite of the adversity and the bitter moments, again we rise.
In mad world, only the mad are sane.
Peace is the one condition of survival in this nuclear age.
All I'm trying to do is not join my ancestral spirits just yet.
Hunger, love, pain, fear are some of those inner forces which rule the individual's instinct for self preservation.
If you live among wolves you have to act like wolf.
To survive it is often necessary to fight and to fight you have to dirty yourself.
Once one determines that he or she has mission in life, that's it's not going to be accomplished without great deal of pain, and that the rewards in the end may not outweigh the pain if you recognize historically that always happens, then when it comes, you survive it.
Man can live about forty days without food, about three days without water, about eight minutes without air, but only for one second without hope.
Survival is nothing more than recovery.
The ability to delude yourself may be an important survival tool.
Through humor, you can soften some of the worst blows that life delivers. And once you find laughter, no matter how painful your situation might be, you can survive it.
In world where change is inevitable and continuous, the need to achieve that change without violence is essential for survival.
For Harmony. chance at life. To fight on other days.
The consciousness of being deemed dead, is next to the presumable unpleasantness of being so in reality. One feels like his own ghost unlawfully tenanting defunct carcass.
Nature's stern discipline enjoins mutual help at least as often as warfare. The fittest may also be the gentlest.
The faster you can signal for rescue, the faster you get out of that situation.
You don't know if you're going to be rescued in day or month gotta prepare for the long haul gotta make the place your home.
The man who goes afoot, prepared to camp anywhere and in any weather, is the most independent fellow on earth.
Perhaps catastrophe is the natural human environment, and even though we spend good deal of energy trying to get away from it, we are programmed for survival amid catastrophe.
Tis the last rose of summer Left blooming alone All her lovely companions Are faded and gone.
Every day run scared. That's the only way can stay ahead.
The condition of man. is condition of war of everyone against everyone.
And while the law of competition may be sometimes hard for the individual, it is best for the race, because it ensures the survival of the fittest in every department.
It is not the strongest of the species that survives, nor the most intelligent, but rather the one most adaptable to change.
Resilience is the maintenance of high levels of positive affect and well being in the face of adversity. It is not that resilient individuals never experience negative affect, but rather that the negative affect does not persist.
Self preservation is the first principle of our nature.
In truth, we exist and survive, not because of the ego, but in spite of it.
Surviving means being born over and over again.
Only the strong survive.
Rule of survival Pack your own parachute.
Victory at all costs, victory in spite of all terror, victory however long and hard the road may be for without victory, there is no survival.
We shall draw from the heart of suffering itself the means of inspiration and survival.
Survival is triumph enough.
Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them humanity cannot survive.
It takes but one positive thought when given chance to survive and thrive to overpower an entire army of negative thoughts.
Confront them with annihilation, and they will then survive plunge them into deadly situation, and they will then live. When people fall into danger, they are then able to strive for victory.
Every man is wise when attacked by mad dog fewer when pursued by mad woman only the wisest survive when attacked by mad notion.
Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind.
Hunger, love, pain, fear are some of those inner forces which rule the individual's instinct for self preservation.
Self preservation, nature's first great law, all the creatures, except man, doth awe.
We are survival machines robot vehicles blindly programmed to preserve the selfish molecules known as genes.
Survival is the ability to swim in strange water.
Survival often feels like an indignity.
In the greater part of humankind there resides an instinct for survival. It is this which can clutch at straws and effect rescue from them. It is this which can, now and then, outwit fate.
Survival is an infinite capacity for suspicion.
When you come to the end of your rope, tie knot and hang on.
What does not kill us makes us stronger.
Do you want to be safe and good, or do you want to take chance and be great.
Just keep taking chances and having fun.
love taking chances.
He who takes no chances wins nothing.
If you are never scared, embarrassed or hurt, it means you never take chances.
If you aren't making some mistakes, you aren't taking enough chances.
If you're not scared then you're not taking chance. If you're not taking chance then what the hell are you doing anyway.
I've got to take chances and get out there. What are you going to do, sit home and knit don't knit.
believe in taking chances and living your life. Sometimes doors open and others close and you have to figure out which one you're going to take. I'm always for the one that's challenging.
Be passionate about your life. Learn to live without the fear of failing. Take chance, you just might surprise yourself.
Take chance All life is chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare.
Our lives improve only when we take chances and the first and most difficult risk we can take is to be honest with ourselves.
Necessity is the mother of taking chances.
If you want to achieve high goal, you're going to have to take some chances.
Every chance taken is another chance to win.
Nothing important was ever achieved without someone taking chance.
In life we take chances to prove to ourselves that we are strong enough to be here.
Take chance. You never know how perfect something might turn out to be.
Take chances, make mistakes. That's how you grow. Pain nourishes your courage. You have to fail in order to practice being brave.
To dare is to lose one's footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose oneself.
lifetime isn't forever, so take the first chance, don't wait for the second one Because sometimes, there aren't second chances And if it turns out to be mistake So what This is life whole bunch of mistakes But if you never get second chance.
Never regret taking chance, even if you fall on your face It's better to know you tried and failed than to wonder the great what if.
When we allow ourselves to become vulnerable, to take chances, and to risk our pride, that is when we find our own glory.
Life's not about sitting at home in front of the TV waiting for your life to begin. Get out there and take some chances.
Taking chances on opportunities, even if they aren't right for you, gives you clearer picture of where you want to go with your life and career.
You learn so much from taking chances, whether they work out or not. Either way, you can grow from the experience and become stronger and smarter.
The successful man is the one who had the chance and took it.
You can't go through life protecting yourself from everything. You have to take chances. Because if you don't, then you might as well not be living.
I've found that luck is quite predictable. If you want more luck, take more chances.
Every day, you'll have opportunities to take chances and to work outside your safety net. Sure, it's lot easier to stay in your comfort zone. in my case, business suits and real estate. but sometimes you have to take risks. When the risks pay off, tha.
The great thing about taking big chance when you're younger is you have less to lose and you don't know as much. So you take big swings.
Take chance as it is once in lifetime opportunity. Have positive mind set and all will go according to plan.
always try to take the chance even though my past wasn't the greatest. take person and accept them for who they are and whatever past, present or future they hold. Even the scariest of chances could be the greatest.
The important thing is not being afraid to take chance. Remember, the greatest failure is to not try. Once you find something you love to do, be the best at doing it.
We all need to decide whether to play it safe in life and worry about the downside, or instead take chance, by being who we really are and living the life our heart desires. Which choice are you making.
Your regrets aren't what you did, but what you didn't do. So take every opportunity.
In the end, what we regret most are the chances we never took.
Chance favors only those who court her.
wise man turns chance into good fortune.
If you know you can do it if you can already chart every day in your future then why bother Choose to do something you have more trouble imagining. Take chance.
The only safe thing is to take chance.
Everything you want lies on the other side of learning to trust yourself. Take chance. Have faith. You already know who you are, what you want, and where you want to go.
If had not try and taken chances, would have miss many great opportunities in life.
Somebody must take chance. The monkeys who became men, and the monkeys who didn't are still jumping around in trees making faces at the monkeys who did.
Take chance and try my fare It will grow on you, swear Soon it will taste good to you.
In an instant, we can make the choice to let our hearts stay broken or we can take chance in living, and allow this beautiful adventure called life, set our hearts on fire.
You never know what life is going to throw at you so don't be afraid to take chance because it might just be the best thing to happen to you.
Sometimes you just have to have Faith and take Chance. even when your heart is shaking Have Faith in the blessings that God has planned for you.
Don't listen to anybody. Nobody knows the magic bullet. If they did, they'd sell it and make fortune. Follow your gut. Follow your instincts. Every once in while, take chance.
Any time you take chance you better be sure the rewards are worth the risk because they can put you away just as fast for ten dollar heist as they can for million dollar job.
The moon is friend for the lonesome to talk to.
The moon puts on an elegant show, different every time in shape, colour and nuance.
You can be the moon and still be jealous of the stars.
The moon was ghostly galleon tossed upon cloudy seas.
Ten years ago the Moon was an inspiration to poets and an opportunity for lovers. Ten years from now it will be just another airport.
The moon lives in the lining of your skin.
The moon is silver pin head vast, That holds the heaven's tent hangings fast.
The moon was reigning over their world, glowing its full splendor to all those willing to look up.
The moon rested right above the mountains, place call home.
The full moon the mandala of the sky.
The Moon is opposing Jupiter. Don't get involved, it's their problem.
It is no secret that the moon has no light of her own, but is, as it were, mirror, receiving brightness from the influence of the sun.
The moon will guide you through the night with her brightness, but she will always dwell in the darkness, in order to be seen.
Every one is moon, and has dark side which he never shows to anybody.
The moon, like flower In heaven's high bower, With silent delight Sits and smiles on the night.
The moon can never breathe, but it can take our breath away with the beauty of its cold, arid orb.
The moon is beautiful only when the mind is seeking beauty and the heart is loving.
The wisdom of the Moon is greater than the wisdom of the Earth, because the Moonsees the universe better than the Earth can see it.
There is something haunting in the light of the moon it has all the dispassionateness of disembodied soul, and something of its inconceivable mystery.
The moon looks upon many night flowers the night flowers see but one moon.
The moon is the reflection of your heart and moonlight is the twinkle of your love.
And he beholds the moon like rounded fragment of ice filled with motionless light.
If the moon smiled, she would resemble you. You leave the same impression Of something beautiful, but annihilating.
The sky was midnight blue, like warm, deep, blue water, and the moon seemed to lie on it like water lily, floating forward with an invisible current.
Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit star.
like to think that the moon is there even if am not looking at it.
The Moon is the first milestone on the road to the stars.
The moon is brighter since the barn burned.
The moon is essentially gray, no color. It looks like plaster of Paris, like dirty beach sand with lots of footprints in it.
We'll go back to the moon by not learning anything new.
When the moon is not full, the stars shine more brightly.
There is no dark side of the moon really. Matter of fact it's all dark.
Moonlight drowns out all but the brightest stars.
swear not by the moon, the inconstant moon, That monthly changes in her circled orb, Lest that thy love prove likewise variable.
THIS MUST BE THURSDAY. NEVER COULD GET THE HANG OF THURSDAYS.
wish you tolerable Thursday. That's all any of us can hope for.
Thursday, forecast as mostly sunny. It's much needed break.
Thursday is perhaps the worst day of the week. It's nothing in itself it just reminds you that the week has been going on too long.
Thursdays are just wannabes. They wannabe Friday but they're not.
Thursday is end day in weekend. Today you are so tired and will think about how was your week and how will go on Thursday. With everything that has happened to you, you can either feel sorry for yourself, or treat what has happened as gift. Everythin.
Thursday. The most useless day. it only exists as reminder that it's been really long week. and it's still not over.
If 40 is the new 30 and 50 is the new 40, why can't Thursday be the new Friday.
Nothing screws up your Friday like realizing its Thursday.
Thursday is my favorite day to plan how I'm going to get out of the plans already made for the weekend.
Wednesday is hump day which makes thursday wonder if he'll call day.
People who think Thursday is the new Friday have serious mental problems.
wait until Thursday to ask people about their weekend plans so there's better chance they're already busy.
Happy Thursday You're only one day away from being two days away from doing the same work you're doing right now.
It's Thursday. I'm breathing. I'm Alive. I'm Blessed. God is Good.
And whether it is Thursday, or the day is stormy, With thunder and rain, or the birds attack each other, We have rolled into another dream.
Beter days are just around the corner. They are called Friday, Saturday and Sunday.
All that really belongs to us is time even he who has nothing else has that.
No use thinking of the past for its gone, don't think of the future because it has to come, think of the present because thats where you are.
Yesterday's the past, tomorrow's the future, but today is gift. That's why it's called the present.
Time is what we want most, but. what we use worst.
Time is cruel thief to rob us of our former selves. We lose as much to life as we do to death.
If time flies when you're having fun, it hits the afterburners when you don't think you're having enough.
If we take care of the moments, the years will take care of themselves.
Time is the most valuable thing man can spend.
Time is the longest distance between two places.
Time is created thing. To say don't have time, is like saying, don't want to.
Know the true value of time snatch, seize, and enjoy every moment of it. No idleness, no laziness, no procrastination never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.
Time flies over us, but leaves its shadow behind.
The timeless in you is aware of life's timelessness. And knows that yesterday is but today's memory and tomorrow is today's dream.
The future is something which everyone reaches at the rate of sixty minutes an hour, whatever he does, whoever he is.
Suspect each moment, for it is thief, tiptoeing away with more than it brings.
The common man is not concerned about the passage of time, the man of talent is driven by it.
Old Time, that greatest and longest established spinner of all his factory is secret place, his work is noiseless, and his hands are mutes.
Time life therefore, waste your time and waste of your life, or master your time and master your life.
Don't be fooled by the calendar. There are only as many days in the year as you make use of. One man gets only week's value out of year while another man gets full year's value out of week.
We all have our time machines. Some take us back, they're called memories. Some take us forward, they're called dreams.
Time ripens all things with Time all things are revealed Time is the father of truth.
Men talk of killing time, while time quietly kills them.
For disappearing acts, it's hard to beat what happens to the eight hours supposedly left after eight of sleep and eight of work.
It's strange thing, but when you are dreading something, and would give anything to slow down time, it has disobliging habit of speeding up.
Time is like the wind, it lifts the light and leaves the heavy.
There is one kind of robber whom the law does not strike at, and who steals what is most precious to men time.
Time is the coin of your life. It is the only coin you have, and only you can determine how it will be spent. Be careful lest you let other people spend it for you.
Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time who never loses any. It is wonderful how much can be done if we are always doing.
man who dares to waste one hour of life has not discovered the value of life.
Time is brisk wind, for each hour it brings something new. but who can understand and measure its sharp breath, its mystery and its design.
When as child laughed and wept, Time crept. When as youth waxed more bold. Time strolled. When became full grown man, Time RAN. When older still daily grew, Time FLEW. Soon shall find, in passing on, Time gone.
The world was made, not in time, but simultaneously with time. There was no time before the world.
Time goes, you say Ah no Alas, time stays, we go.
There is more time than life.
Time can bring you down, time can bend you knees. Times can break your heart, have you begging please Beyond the door, there peace sure. And know there ll be no more tears in heaven.
Time is neutral and does not change things. With courage and initiative, leaders change things.
If you let slip time, like neglected rose it withers on the stalk with languished head.
The moment hung in time like miner hat on an oaken peg in saloon abandoned ninety years ago.
The passing years are like mist sweeping up from the sea of time so that my memories acquire new aspects.
She was forever saving time, like bits of string.
There is rhythm inside year of time, like great mainspring that keeps it ticking from spring to summer to fall to winter.
Time substance of some sort which existence burned up like fire.
Time fled past us like startled bird.
If time seems to pass so quickly, this is because there are no landmarks. Like the moon when it is at its heights on the horizon.
As the waves make toward the pebbled shore, so do our minutes hasten to their end.
The day runs through me as water through sieve.
We must use time as tool, not as crutch.
Regret for wasted time is more wasted time.
Lost time is never found again.
The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once.
Time changes everything except something within us which is always surprised by change.
Those who make the worst use of their time are the first to complain of its brevity.
Time is an illusion.
Time takes it all, whether you want it to or not.
Better three hours too soon, than one minute too late.
Time is the wisest counselor of all.
Time is the school in which we learn, time is the fire in which we burn.
Nothing is waste of time if you use the experience wisely.
The key is in not spending time, but in investing it.
Time brings all things to pass.
You must have been warned against letting the golden hours slip by but some of them are golden only because we let them slip by.
Who forces time is pushed back by time who yields to time finds time on his side.
You can't make up for lost time. You can only do better in the future.
Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow has not yet come. We have only today. Let us begin.
must govern the clock, not be governed by it.
We must use time wisely and forever realize that the time is always ripe to do right.
true friend freely, advises justly, assists readily, adventures boldly, takes all patiently, defends courageously, and continues friend unchangeably.
true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success.
true friend is someone who is there for you when he'd rather be anywhere else.
true friend is someone who thinks that you are good egg even though he knows that you are slightly cracked.
True friends are those who came into your life, saw the most negative part of you, but are not ready to leave you, no matter how contagious you are to them.
True friends can communicate with their eyes.
True friends walks in when the rest of the world has walked out.
True friends are not mirrors where we can always see ourselves reflected in positive light.
The friend who holds your hand and says the wrong thing is made of dearer stuff than the one who stays away.
You can always tell real friend when you've made fool of yourself he doesn't feel you've done permanent job.
Don't walk behind me may not lead. Don't walk in front of me may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend.
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
Only your real friends will tell you when your face is dirty.
Many people will walk in and out of your life, but only true friends will leave footprints in your heart.
loyal friend laughs at your jokes when they're not so good, and sympathizes with your problems when they're not so bad.
The friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you.
true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down.
Cherish the friend who tells you harsh truth, wanting ten times more to tell you loving lie.
friend can tell you things you don't want to tell yourself.
It's the ones you can call up at 00 that really matter.
10. friend shares the good times and helps out by listening during the bad times.
true friend is someone you can disagree with and still remain friends. For if not, they weren't true friends in the first place.
true friend encourages us, comforts us, supports us like big easy chair, offering us safe refuge from the world.
friend knows the song in my heart and sings it to me when my memory fails.
Ah, how good it feels The hand of an old friend.
One measure of friendship consists not in the number of things friends can discuss, but in the number of things they need no longer mention.
Our most difficult task as friend is to offer understanding when we don't understand.
Tell me something only you know and make new friend.
What draws people to be friends is that they see the same truth. They share it.
The most beautiful discovery true friends make is that they can grow separately without growing apart.
When friend is in trouble, don't annoy him by asking if there is anything you can do. Think up something appropriate and do it.
The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches but to reveal to him his own.
One friend in lifetime is much two are many three are hardly possible.
The essence of true friends is to make allowances for another's little lapses.
We need old friends to help us grow old and new friends to help us stay young.
friend is one who knows us, but loves us anyway.
Don't be dismayed at good byes. farewell is necessary before you can meet again. And meeting again, after moments or lifetimes, is certain for those who are friends.
Never shall forget the days spent with you. Continue to be my friend, as you will always find me yours.
cannot even imagine where would be today were it not for that handful of friends who have given me heart full of joy. Let's face it, friends make life lot more fun.
If you live to be hundred, want to live to be hundred minus one day so never have to live without you.
Good friends help you to find important things when you have lost them your smile, your hope, and your courage.
Are we not like two volumes of one book.
We have been friends together In sunshine and in shade.
We all take different paths in life, but no matter where we go, we take little of each other everywhere.
Surround yourself only with people who are going to lift you higher.
Friends are born, not made.
Man's best friend is one who wishes well to the object of his wish for his sake, even if no one is to know of it.
sure friend is known in unsure circumstances.
Have friends, not for the sake of receiving, but of giving.
Our triumphs seem hollow unless we have friends to share them, and our failures are made bearable by their understanding.
Trust is like vase. once it's broken, though you can fix it, the vase will never be same again.
Do not trust all men, but trust men of worth the former course is silly, the latter mark of prudence.
Trust is something that is difficult to establish. It is very fragile that needs to be taken care of. Once trust breaks or shatters into pieces, it is very difficult to rebuild it.
Trust is the easiest thing in the world to loose, and the hardest thing in the world to get back.
In order to establish trust, it is first important that you be trustworthy. This means you should be forthright with all your dealings.
Trust is involved in all the basic elements of healthy relationship namely, love respect and consideration for another person communication, commitment and honesty.
Respect people who trust you. It takes lot for people to trust you, so treat their trust like precious porcelain.
You may be deceived if you trust too much, but you will live in torment if you don't trust enough.
Trust is like blood pressure. It's silent, vital to good health, and if abused it can be deadly.
Trust is the glue of life. It's the most essential ingredient in effective communication. It's the foundational principle that holds all relationships.
Trust is only gained when one person risks and doesn't get harmed. It grows as both people increasingly risk and don't get harmed in the process.
Trust is the fruit of relationship in which you know you are loved.
Deciding whether or not to trust person is like deciding whether or not to climb tree, because you might get wonderful view from the highest branch, or you might simply get covered in sap, and for this reason many people choose to spend their time alone and indoors, where it is harder to get splinter.
We're never so vulnerable than when we trust someone but paradoxically, if we cannot trust, neither can we find love or joy.
man who doesn't trust himself can never truly trust anyone else.
Trust is skill learned over time so that, like well trained athlete, one makes the right moves, usually without much reflection.
It is an equal failing to trust everybody, and to trust nobody.
Trust is always earned, never given.
Put more trust in nobility of character than in an oath.
Trust is the lubrication that makes it possible for organizations to work.
He who does not trust enough will not be trusted.
The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them.
Trust is letting go of needing to know all the details before you open your heart.
Trust opens up new and unimagined possibilities.
Trust in God for great things. With your five loaves and two fishes He will show you way to feed thousands.
The best proof of love is trust.
The toughest thing about the power of trust is that it's very difficult to build and very easy to destroy.
Trust yourself, you will start to trust others.
trust everyone. just don't trust the devil inside them.
Building trust means thinking about trust in positive way.
Trust, but verify.
Volleyball Invented by men, perfected by women.
Volleyball It's in your heart or it's in your face.
Volleyball is one of the most interactive games going. It is game of intuition, imagination, improvisation but most of all, of reciprocity of teamwork. There is no way to free lance in volleyball.
Volleyball anchored me at time in my life when needed it. It gave me reason for being this big, big girl.
Volleyball is not just sport, it's way to express your anger without hurting someone.
It takes lot of hard work and dedication just like any pro sport. Especially for beach volleyball you don't have to be tall or as fast as other sports. You just have to have the skills.
Kerri and stay motivated because we hate to lose. What's great about beach volleyball is you can always find something to get better at. don't think about losing. It could happen. just go out there and play. couldn't tell you any numbers or winning streaks. just go out and do it.
love that our sport is sexy. think it is appropriately so.
Breathe, believe, and battle. My former coach, Troy Tanner, told us that before each match. Breathe be in the moment. Believe have faith that you can rise above it. Battle you gotta be prepared to go for as long as it takes.
Don't ever let the ball hit the ground without body hitting the ground with it.
No volleyball play can begin without serve, and the serve is the only technique that is totally under your control. In other endeavors, you cannot succeed without believing in yourself, and that belief is completely under your control.
good team can win volleyball game when they are ahead, but only great team can win when they are behind.
Volleyball is more than sport, it's way of life.
My coach tells me to give about 75 to volleyball. If give 100 my serve will kill someone, and my coach doesn't want to deal with the paperwork.
Be leader. setter should be high energy. It's important that you learn how to give positive, constructive criticism. It's crucial that you make your teammates feel comfortable. You should never be the most silent player in the gym.
There is pressure on every play. You can't make mistake, but that also means your opponent can't make mistake. It makes the matches more exciting to watch.
got the nickname Spitfire for reason. burned inside to play volleyball. loved the competition of it.
Volleyball is the sport through which am able to express my God given talents of being an athlete. It is sport which involves relating, pushing, and encouraging your teammates.
The beach game taught me great lessons about how to elevate the play of my teammate, or teammates, and how to anticipate and expect the ball so much more than the indoor game ever could. It taught me even forced me to be much better all around player.
Anyone serious about playing indoor, you should play outdoor.
It was unbelievable. It was so great to work like that and be able to pull it out at the very end. We played so well together, helping each other out at just the right time. We never gave up and it all worked out better than we could have hoped for against such great opposition. We were in one of the toughest matches I've ever played.
Volleyball is my life, everything else is just details.
Actions speak louder than coaches.
Somewhere behind the athlete you've become, and the hours of practice, and the coaches who have pushed you is little girl who fell in love with the game and never looked back. play for her.
You can't just beat team, you have to leave lasting impression in their minds so they never want to see you again.
true soldier does not admit defeat before the battle.
After the war, aid.
Don't go looking for trouble.
God grant me good sword and no use for it.
Happy nations have no history.
One might as well be hung for sheep as lamb.
The spider and the fly can't make bargain.
United we stand divided we fall.
Violence begets violence.
War ends nothing.
War is sweet to those who haven't experienced it.
You can't have peace any longer than your neighbor pleases.
Common sense is genius dressed in its working clothes.
Deal with the faults of others as gently as your own.
Justice is truth in action.
new broom sweeps clean but an old broom knows the corners.
Give man fish and you feed him for day teach man to fish and he'll eat forever.
He who has why to live can bear almost any how.
Silence is often misinterpreted but never misquoted.
Lost time is never found again.
The wise understand by themselves fools follow the reports of others.
When our imperfect judgments are aggregated in the right way, our collective intelligence is often excellent.
The goal of human nature, of any nature is blessedness. If we do not reach this goal, it is sign that we are headed in the wrong direction.
To know how to grow old is the master work of wisdom, and one of the most difficult chapters in the great art of living.
One should speak little with others and much with oneself.
When you say one thing, the clever person understands three.
The riches that are in the heart cannot be stolen.
The only thing we can know is that we know nothing and that is the highest flight of human wisdom.
The young man knows the rules, but the old man knows the exceptions.
Plan your life like you will live forever, and live your life like you will die the next day.
Proverbs are short sentences drawn from long experience.
Desires are brought to live depending on one wisdom. Wisdom gives direction to desires.
Wisdom is ofttimes nearer when we stoop than when we soar.
proverb is one man's wit and all men's wisdom.
blind person who sees is better than seeing person who is blind.
proverb is short sentence based on long experience.
Economy is the wealth of the poor and the wisdom of the rich.
Even fish wouldn't get into trouble if it kept its mouth shut.
He that respects himself is safe from others.
He who flees at the right time can fight again.
crown's no cure for headache.
Life is journey, not destination.
Money buys everything but good sense.
In bad things be slow in good things be fast.
Just because something is common sense doesn't mean it's common practice.
Nothing is impossible to the willing mind.
One head cannot hold all wisdom.
Plan your life at New Year's, your day at dawn.
Proverbs are the daughters of experience.
Wisdom is to live in the present, plan for the future and profit from the past.
The errors of wise man make your rule rather than the perfections of fool.
The more things change, the more they stay the same.
The truly rich are those who enjoy what they have.
The wise do as much as they should, not as much as they can.
What's good for the goose is good for the gander.
Wisdom is easy to carry but difficult to gather.
Wonder is the beginning of wisdom,.
Wisdom has always been the wealth of the common people.
Health is better than wealth.
You can never plan the future by the past.
You can lead horse to water but you can't make him drink.
Live and let live.
You have to take the bitter with the sweet.
Everything in moderation.
Life is what you make it.
All's well that ends well.
Out of sight, out of mind.
You can only die once.
Knowledge comes but wisdom lingers.